true
true figure
true table
true abstract
true tion
true david
true note
orig
orig true
orig inal
orig orig
orig city
orig confidence
orig string
word
word sense
word alignment
word order
word segmentation
word level
word pairs
language
language processing
language model
language models
language resources
language technology
language learning
model
model based
model using
model trained
model parameters
model training
model adaptation
data
data sets
data driven
data mining
data base
data sparseness
data used
based
based approach
based model
based translation
based system
based models
based approaches
words
words like
words using
words within
words used
words based
words whose
system
system combination
system using
system performance
system uses
system based
system output
using
using different
using word
using machine
using wordnet
using lexical
using semantic
used
used instead
used together
used directly
used three
used within
used word
information
information retrieval
information extraction
information processing
information science
information sciences
information systems
features
features used
features based
features extracted
features derived
features using
features described
also
also used
also show
also include
also shows
also like
also includes
text
text processing
text generation
text classification
text summarization
text mining
text categorization
results
results show
results obtained
results using
results table
results indicate
results reported
corpus
corpus based
corpus contains
corpus size
corpus data
corpus annotation
corpus using
table
table shows
table also
table contains
table lookup
table size
table entries
sentence
sentence level
sentence pairs
sentence length
sentence pair
sentence compression
sentence boundaries
number
number gender
number agreement
number singular
number person
number case
number names
proceedings
proceedings ofacl
proceedings pages
proceedings international
proceedings mailing
proceedings volume
proceedings proceedings
translation
translation model
translation system
translation quality
translation models
translation systems
translation pages
semantic
semantic role
semantic relations
semantic similarity
semantic roles
semantic analysis
semantic information
first
first step
first order
first word
first sentence
first stage
first time
pages
pages containing
pages computer
pages using
pages contain
pages long
pages language
training
training data
training corpus
training examples
training instances
training sets
training time
different
different types
different languages
different ways
different levels
different kinds
different domains
example
example consider
example based
example sentence
example sentences
example given
example figure
figure
figure shows
figure also
figure indicates
figure ground
figure represents
figure illustrates
computational
computational linguistics
computational linguis
computational natural
computational semantics
computational approaches
computational model
task
task oriented
task specific
task based
task pages
task learning
task using
models
models trained
models using
models based
models used
models theory
models perform
english
english words
english word
english translation
english language
english french
english sentences
work
work shop
work well
work presented
work described
work done
work reported
linguistics
linguistics volume
linguistics pages
linguistics human
linguistics coling
linguistics university
linguistics figure
learning
learning algorithm
learning algorithms
learning approach
learning techniques
learning pages
learning methods
tion
tion system
tion task
tion model
tion extraction
tion using
tion retrieval
sentences
sentences containing
sentences using
sentences like
sentences contain
sentences based
sentences without
approach
approach based
approach using
approach would
approach uses
approach described
approach used
feature
feature selection
feature sets
feature vector
feature space
feature structures
feature vectors
given
given word
given sentence
given context
given text
given input
given language
systems
systems using
systems pages
systems based
systems performance
systems used
systems trained
section
section describes
section presents
section discusses
section provides
section gives
section shows
method
method based
method described
method using
method used
method uses
method proposed
lexical
lexical items
lexical entries
lexical resources
lexical features
lexical database
lexical semantic
test
test data
test sets
test corpus
test sentences
test results
test suite
evaluation
evaluation metrics
evaluation results
evaluation metric
evaluation measures
evaluation lrec
evaluation data
speech
speech recognition
speech tagging
speech tags
speech acts
speech tagger
speech translation
analysis
analysis using
analysis shows
analysis system
analysis based
analysis conference
analysis tools
context
context free
context sensitive
context dependent
context words
context features
context vectors
tree
tree adjoining
tree bank
tree structure
tree kernel
tree based
tree kernels
algorithm
algorithm described
algorithm based
algorithm used
algorithm uses
algorithm using
algorithm works
machine
machine translation
machine learning
machine transla
machine trans
machine readable
machine learn
phrase
phrase based
phrase structure
phrase table
phrase pairs
phrase pair
phrase level
order
order logic
order copies
order model
order features
order languages
order language
natural
natural language
natural languages
natural science
natural logic
natural sciences
natural speech
university
university press
university pittsburgh
university stanford
university germany
university college
university sweden
parsing
parsing algorithm
parsing model
parsing accuracy
parsing models
parsing algorithms
parsing using
structure
structure grammar
structure theory
structure trees
structure analysis
structure grammars
structure based
time
time consuming
time complexity
time series
time expressions
time period
time step
rules
rules used
rules based
rules learned
rules using
rules extracted
rules whose
performance
performance using
performance improvement
performance across
performance comparison
performance evaluation
performance measures
case
case study
case frame
case frames
case marker
case markers
case insensitive
processing
processing pages
processing systems
processing emnlp
processing step
processing tasks
processing volume
however
however since
however even
however many
however unlike
however given
however using
syntactic
syntactic structure
syntactic features
syntactic information
syntactic analysis
syntactic structures
syntactic parsing
level
level features
level sentiment
level information
level model
level annotation
level discourse
would
would like
would also
would expect
would require
would need
would allow
conference
conference pages
conference program
conference short
conference proceedings
conference poster
conference trec
domain
domain specific
domain adaptation
domain independent
domain knowledge
domain data
domain dependent
verb
verb phrase
verb classes
verb object
verb noun
verb phrases
verb form
type
type system
type based
type hierarchy
type level
type information
type token
paper
paper describes
paper presents
paper proposes
paper presented
paper focuses
paper reports
grammar
grammar rules
grammar induction
grammar based
grammar formalism
grammar development
grammar formalisms
well
well known
well formed
well defined
well suited
well formedness
well established
methods
methods based
methods used
methods using
methods described
methods support
methods perform
knowledge
knowledge base
knowledge based
knowledge sources
knowledge representation
knowledge bases
knowledge discovery
score
score based
score function
score using
score orig
score papineni
score obtained
association
association measures
association norms
association elra
association scores
association measure
association score
research
research center
research projects
research council
research workshop
research institute
research centre
three
three different
three types
three main
three steps
three words
three categories
best
best results
best list
best performing
best performance
best lists
best result
part
part whole
part time
part contains
part orig
part shows
part consists
source
source language
source sentence
source side
source word
source text
source words
target
target language
target word
target words
target side
target domain
target sentence
form
form based
form part
form lemma
form meaning
form recognition
form better
relations
relations among
relations using
relations like
relations used
relations extracted
relations within
since
since many
since every
since different
since words
since word
since none
many
many cases
many different
many words
many times
many languages
many ways
rule
rule based
rule extraction
rule application
rule sets
rule induction
rule applications
state
state university
state transducers
state transducer
state automata
state space
state tracking
possible
possible values
possible combinations
possible word
possible ways
possible translations
possible tags
terms
terms like
terms used
terms using
terms within
terms extracted
terms based
human
human language
human judgments
human computer
human annotators
human evaluation
human judges
problem
problem solving
problem using
problem arises
problem since
problem formulation
problem definition
noun
noun phrase
noun phrases
noun noun
noun verb
noun compounds
noun compound
sense
sense disambiguation
sense induction
sense tagged
sense inventory
sense disam
sense distinctions
relation
relation extraction
relation types
relation type
relation ships
relation classification
relation instances
large
large scale
large number
large corpora
large corpus
large amount
large amounts
following
following example
following sections
following section
following three
following steps
following features
user
user interface
user model
user satisfaction
user generated
user utterance
user input
dependency
dependency parsing
dependency tree
dependency trees
dependency parser
dependency based
dependency relations
types
types used
types including
types using
types based
types like
types person
input
input sentence
input text
input string
input data
input sentences
input word
pairs
pairs using
pairs extracted
pairs whose
pairs based
pairs like
pairs used
second
second order
second language
second step
second stage
second workshop
second international
languages
languages like
languages using
languages pages
languages english
languages including
languages without
linguistic
linguistic knowledge
linguistic data
linguistic features
linguistic information
linguistic analysis
linguistic theory
accuracy
accuracy results
accuracy using
accuracy rate
accuracy scores
accuracy precision
accuracy obtained
like
like english
like wordnet
like word
like structure
like units
like many
annotation
annotation scheme
annotation guidelines
annotation process
annotation schemes
annotation task
annotation tool
process
process described
process using
process continues
process model
process consists
process starts
discourse
discourse structure
discourse relations
discourse markers
discourse relation
discourse level
discourse connectives
similar
similar words
similar results
similar approach
similar contexts
similar performance
similar word
parser
parser output
parser based
parser evaluation
parser using
parser trained
parser klein
statistical
statistical machine
statistical parsing
statistical models
statistical significance
statistical model
statistical language
class
class based
class labels
class label
class words
class classification
class distribution
experiments
experiments show
experiments using
experiments reported
experiments described
experiments showed
experiments presented
shown
shown later
shown using
shown promising
shown earlier
shown good
shown significant
document
document level
document summarization
document frequency
document retrieval
document collection
document classification
thus
thus making
thus allowing
thus even
thus providing
thus given
thus cannot
similarity
similarity measures
similarity measure
similarity score
similarity based
similarity scores
similarity metric
shows
shows results
shows examples
shows three
shows example
shows significant
shows several
workshop
workshop pages
workshop program
workshop companion
workshop proceedings
workshop chairs
workshop held
search
search space
search engine
search engines
search results
search algorithm
search queries
could
could also
could help
could improve
could potentially
could lead
could easily
classification
classification task
classification accuracy
classification using
classification problem
classification tasks
classification results
function
function words
function word
function tags
function labels
function based
function application
specific
specific features
specific information
specific domain
specific knowledge
specific word
specific language
corpora
corpora using
corpora pages
corpora used
corpora based
corpora annotated
corpora available
question
question answering
question answer
question type
question generation
question types
question classification
topic
topic models
topic model
topic modeling
topic distribution
topic segmentation
topic based
value
value pairs
value decomposition
value pair
value function
value grammars
value based
extraction
extraction system
extraction task
extraction using
extraction systems
extraction patterns
extraction process
related
related work
related words
related languages
related works
related terms
related features
baseline
baseline system
baseline model
baseline systems
baseline method
baseline features
baseline results
standard
standard deviation
standard data
standard arabic
standard approach
standard phrase
standard corpus
entity
entity recognition
entity types
entity type
entity linking
entity mentions
entity extraction
general
general purpose
general framework
general domain
general case
general approach
general method
sets
sets used
sets using
sets respectively
sets based
sets contain
sets containing
high
high quality
high level
high precision
high frequency
high accuracy
high performance
better
better results
better performance
better understand
better understanding
better translation
better suited
automatic
automatic evaluation
automatic speech
automatic text
automatic acquisition
automatic extraction
automatic word
show
show results
show significant
show similar
show examples
show improvements
show different
found
found using
found within
found useful
found among
found many
found significant
scores
scores obtained
scores using
scores assigned
scores based
scores across
scores computed
present
present results
present work
present tense
present paper
present study
present experiments
single
single word
single words
single sentence
single document
single character
single best
phrases
phrases like
phrases using
phrases extracted
phrases containing
phrases used
phrases based
precision
precision recall
precision scores
precision rate
precision values
precision score
precision results
probability
probability distribution
probability distributions
probability model
probability mass
probability estimates
probability estimation
output
output layer
output sentence
output quality
output string
output text
output sentences
chinese
chinese word
chinese english
chinese language
chinese treebank
chinese characters
chinese words
representation
representation language
representation theory
representation learning
representation scheme
representation used
representation based
alignment
alignment models
alignment model
alignment based
alignment algorithm
alignment links
alignment quality
international
international conference
international workshop
international joint
international journal
international confer
international natural
list
list based
list contains
list containing
list using
list size
list generated
error
error rate
error analysis
error correction
error rates
error detection
error reduction
event
event extraction
event type
event types
event detection
event mentions
event coreference
examples
examples include
examples like
examples show
examples given
examples illustrate
examples using
dialogue
dialogue systems
dialogue system
dialogue acts
dialogue management
dialogue manager
dialogue pages
described
described earlier
described using
described later
described next
described previously
described briefly
node
node labels
node labeled
node label
node represents
node representing
node raising
result
result shows
result obtained
result using
result suggests
result indicates
result would
verbs
verbs adjectives
verbs like
verbs nouns
verbs using
verbs based
verbs whose
texts
texts using
texts written
texts used
texts based
texts annotated
texts pages
recall
recall precision
recall rate
recall scores
recall curves
recall values
recall curve
cases
cases like
cases however
cases even
cases using
cases except
cases involving
values
values obtained
values indicate
values used
values assigned
values using
values across
available
available data
available online
available training
available resources
available information
available lexical
correct
correct answer
correct answers
correct translation
correct sense
correct parse
correct word
graph
graph based
graph structure
graph representation
graph model
graph construction
graph clustering
several
several different
several ways
several types
several times
several reasons
several languages
even
even though
even better
even without
even higher
even worse
even larger
measure
measure based
measure used
measure word
measure scores
measure precision
measure performance
term
term frequency
term extraction
term weighting
term memory
term pairs
term recognition
simple
simple example
simple method
simple word
simple sentences
simple approach
simple rule
generation
generation system
generation process
generation systems
generation pages
generation using
generation conference
previous
previous work
previous section
previous studies
previous research
previous approaches
previous works
documents
documents using
documents containing
documents retrieved
documents based
documents written
documents according
pair
pair wise
pair model
pair extraction
pair features
pair using
pair classification
head
head word
head driven
head noun
head words
head nouns
head verb
lexicon
lexicon based
lexicon entries
lexicon extraction
lexicon induction
lexicon contains
lexicon entry
proposed
proposed method
proposed approach
proposed model
proposed system
proposed methods
proposed algorithm
step
step towards
step toward
step process
step size
step approach
step consists
defined
defined using
defined based
defined similarly
defined according
defined threshold
defined recursively
size
size increases
size figure
size number
size paper
size corpus
size reduction
trees
trees using
trees produced
trees generated
trees whose
trees rooted
trees without
computer
computer science
computer speech
computer assisted
computer vision
computer interaction
computer aided
within
within document
within sentence
within sentences
within three
within words
within computational
whether
whether using
whether different
whether word
whether users
whether similar
whether human
without
without using
without loss
without considering
without requiring
without changing
without taking
space
space model
space models
space limitations
space constraints
space using
space complexity
make
make sure
make sense
make predictions
make decisions
make explicit
make better
particular
particular word
particular type
particular domain
particular language
particular interest
particular case
length
length based
length ratio
length limit
length figure
length distribution
length penalty
vector
vector space
vector machines
vector machine
vector based
vector representations
vector representation
parse
parse tree
parse trees
parse forest
parse selection
parse time
parse structure
annotated
annotated corpus
annotated data
annotated corpora
annotated training
annotated sentences
annotated text
main
main verb
main clause
main conference
main difference
main goal
main idea
approaches
approaches based
approaches using
approaches used
approaches rely
approaches like
approaches include
study
study using
study shows
study also
study presented
study focuses
study whether
tasks
tasks including
tasks like
tasks using
tasks involving
tasks related
tasks ranging
tions
tions using
tions like
tions based
tions among
tions pages
tions within
average
average number
average precision
average length
average accuracy
average sentence
average score
another
another example
another language
another important
another approach
another interesting
another problem
much
much larger
much better
much higher
much less
much smaller
much lower
current
current state
current word
current work
current research
current system
current version
sequence
sequence labeling
sequence data
sequence model
sequence alignment
sequence models
sequence based
errors
errors made
errors caused
errors occur
errors using
errors involving
errors introduced
recognition
recognition system
recognition errors
recognition task
recognition using
recognition systems
recognition accuracy
meaning
meaning representation
meaning representations
meaning text
meaning vector
meaning preserving
meaning repre
find
find ings
find good
find many
find similar
find words
find better
therefore
therefore also
therefore cannot
therefore propose
therefore need
therefore used
therefore decided
applied
applied natural
applied linguistics
applied mathematics
applied computational
applied sciences
applied successfully
structures
structures like
structures used
structures using
structures extracted
structures associated
structures produced
classes
classes based
classes using
classes according
classes defined
classes used
classes rather
right
right hand
right context
right side
right branching
right corner
right child
nodes
nodes represent
nodes corresponding
nodes representing
nodes labeled
nodes correspond
nodes whose
important
important role
important information
important aspect
important feature
important part
important factor
must
must also
must contain
must first
must take
must match
must satisfy
patterns
patterns used
patterns based
patterns using
patterns like
patterns extracted
patterns found
content
content words
content selection
content word
content based
content analysis
content determination
argument
argument structure
argument structures
argument identification
argument classification
argument position
argument relations
left
left hand
left corner
left right
left context
left side
left branching
trained
trained using
trained model
trained models
trained annotators
trained parser
trained word
resources
resources association
resources used
resources like
resources available
resources pages
resources including
quality
quality estimation
quality using
quality control
quality translation
quality scores
quality evaluation
instance
instance based
instance weighting
instance given
instance selection
instance consider
instance level
need
need large
need access
need additional
need help
need training
need special
small
small number
small amount
small corpus
small size
small scale
small training
note
note however
note also
note taking
note though
note first
note differences
development
development data
development sets
development test
development corpus
development environment
development process
constraints
constraints imposed
constraints based
constraints must
constraints used
constraints among
constraints described
role
role labeling
role labels
role label
role labelling
role fillers
role assignment
gram
gram language
gram model
gram mars
gram models
gram matical
gram features
string
string matching
string similarity
string newsletter
string edit
string based
string translation
tags
tags used
tags assigned
tags using
tags associated
tags based
tags given
query
query expansion
query language
query terms
query logs
query term
query translation
uses
uses word
uses information
uses syntactic
uses features
uses three
uses wordnet
hand
hand side
hand crafted
hand coded
hand annotated
hand written
hand sides
contains
contains many
contains information
contains three
contains several
contains words
contains approximately
common
common words
common sense
common nouns
common noun
common ground
common practice
semantics
semantics pages
semantics interface
semantics based
semantics volume
semantics discourse
semantics pragmatics
science
science university
science foundation
science department
science pages
science society
science carnegie
object
object oriented
object position
object verb
object noun
object pairs
object descriptions
wordnet
wordnet based
wordnet senses
wordnet synsets
wordnet fellbaum
wordnet sense
wordnet miller
obtained
obtained using
obtained results
obtained without
obtained better
obtained automatically
obtained good
classifier
classifier trained
classifier based
classifier using
classifier combination
classifier performance
classifier accuracy
reference
reference resolution
reference translations
reference translation
reference corpus
reference time
reference sentence
less
less likely
less frequent
less well
less accurate
less important
less common
generated
generated using
generated text
generated summaries
generated texts
generated content
generated sentences
fact
fact extraction
fact many
fact candidates
fact even
fact repository
fact based
frequency
frequency words
frequency based
frequency counts
frequency information
frequency distribution
frequency threshold
consider
consider three
consider ably
consider able
consider whether
consider example
consider figure
distribution
distribution based
distribution across
distribution given
distribution free
distribution using
distribution information
users
users query
users utterance
users input
users question
users guide
users knowledge
name
name recognition
name disambiguation
name entity
name tagging
name matching
name translation
extracted
extracted using
extracted features
extracted sentences
extracted automatically
extracted information
extracted phrase
category
category labels
category includes
category label
category name
category information
category based
often
often used
often contain
often referred
often called
often difficult
often appear
proc
proc pages
proc ieee
proc orig
proc sigdial
proc type
proc workshop
meeting
meeting corpus
meeting pages
meeting summarization
meeting participants
meeting transcripts
meeting association
categories
categories based
categories used
categories like
categories using
categories trained
categories according
good
good results
good performance
good turing
good enough
good quality
good translation
presented
presented results
presented work
presented earlier
presented approach
presented three
presented first
entities
entities workshop
entities using
entities mentioned
entities within
entities involved
entities like
able
able data
able view
able comments
able information
able training
able model
label
label propagation
label sequence
label classification
label sequences
label distribution
label sets
dictionary
dictionary based
dictionary entries
dictionary definitions
dictionary entry
dictionary lookup
dictionary contains
abstract
abstract syntax
abstract away
abstract concepts
abstract level
abstract objects
abstract meaning
higher
higher order
higher level
higher accuracy
higher precision
higher recall
higher quality
framework
framework programme
framework based
framework using
framework allows
framework described
framework provides
means
means clustering
means algorithm
means cluster
means orig
means something
means using
multiple
multiple languages
multiple choice
multiple times
multiple word
multiple sources
multiple senses
rather
rather small
rather different
rather simple
rather complex
rather high
rather limited
provide
provide information
provide useful
provide additional
provide evidence
provide better
provide enough
http
http code
http mallet
http sourceforge
http wordnet
http research
http opennlp
nouns
nouns verbs
nouns adjectives
nouns using
nouns like
nouns pronouns
nouns based
although
although many
although several
although still
although much
although less
although previous
base
base line
base form
base model
base lines
base forms
base noun
annual
annual meeting
annual conference
annual meet
annual international
annual symposium
annual confer
point
point wise
point scale
point improvement
point based
point represents
point difference
next
next section
next step
next word
next generation
next sections
next iteration
total
total number
total time
total cost
total score
total words
total count
candidate
candidate terms
candidate words
candidate answers
candidate translations
candidate list
candidate word
multi
multi word
multi document
multi class
multi lingual
multi modal
multi level
sentiment
sentiment analysis
sentiment classification
sentiment lexicon
sentiment polarity
sentiment words
sentiment lexicons
parallel
parallel corpus
parallel corpora
parallel data
parallel texts
parallel text
parallel sentences
either
either side
either case
either positive
either expressed
either directly
either manually
corresponding
corresponding word
corresponding english
corresponding words
corresponding target
corresponding feature
corresponding semantic
made
made available
made possible
made explicit
made using
made publicly
made based
original
original sentence
original text
original word
original data
original corpus
original query
according
according different
according receives
according various
according ����
according according
according accuracies
selection
selection process
selection method
selection methods
selection algorithm
selection model
selection strategy
various
various types
various statistical
various ways
various kinds
various features
various levels
future
future work
future research
future directions
future works
future tense
future cost
expressions
expressions like
expressions using
expressions mwes
expressions analysis
expressions used
expressions based
full
full text
full model
full parsing
full papers
full parse
full form
cross
cross validation
cross lingual
cross language
cross domain
cross linguistic
cross document
among
among others
among different
among words
among many
among several
among various
john
john benjamins
john carroll
john lafferty
john wiley
john blitzer
john nerbonne
answer
answer pairs
answer type
answer extraction
answer questions
answer selection
answer candidates
references
references eneko
references david
references steven
references james
references allen
references peter
forms
forms better
forms part
forms using
forms like
forms used
forms including
subject
subject verb
subject object
subject position
subject matter
subject predicate
subject noun
questions
questions using
questions like
questions based
questions asked
questions separating
questions posed
positive
positive negative
positive examples
positive instances
positive effect
positive sentiment
positive class
introduction
introduction many
introduction word
introduction semantic
introduction recent
introduction automatic
introduction statistical
automatically
automatically generated
automatically extracted
automatically acquired
automatically learned
automatically generate
automatically identify
train
train test
train data
train orig
train models
train classifiers
train word
negative
negative examples
negative sentiment
negative polarity
negative instances
negative words
negative class
algorithms
algorithms used
algorithms based
algorithms using
algorithms described
algorithms including
algorithms like
might
might also
might expect
might want
might help
might lead
might seem
include
include features
include information
include many
include word
include words
include lexical
tagging
tagging accuracy
tagging using
tagging task
tagging model
tagging scheme
tagging errors
four
four different
four types
four main
four categories
four words
four times
instances
instances using
instances extracted
instances used
instances labeled
instances whose
instances found
theory
theory pages
theory toward
theory based
theory neutral
theory grosz
theory mann
every
every word
every sentence
every possible
every node
every time
every pair
techniques
techniques used
techniques described
techniques based
techniques developed
techniques like
techniques including
labels
labels used
labels assigned
labels using
labels given
labels based
labels like
grammars
grammars using
grammars pcfgs
grammars used
grammars tags
grammars cfgs
grammars based
follows
follows section
follows given
follows first
follows definition
follows directly
follows score
volume
volume pages
volume short
volume contains
volume proceedings
volume years
volume year
events
events described
events using
events involving
events based
events like
events time
segmentation
segmentation model
segmentation algorithm
segmentation using
segmentation system
segmentation accuracy
segmentation task
selected
selected features
selected sentences
selected papers
selected based
selected using
selected according
dataset
dataset contains
dataset used
dataset consists
dataset using
dataset containing
dataset consisting
final
final results
final state
final score
final result
final output
final system
linear
linear model
linear models
linear combination
linear time
linear programming
linear regression
improve
improve ment
improve performance
improve ments
improve translation
improve upon
improve accuracy
pattern
pattern matching
pattern recognition
pattern based
pattern analysis
pattern learning
pattern extraction
distance
distance dependencies
distance measure
distance metric
distance based
distance measures
distance function
take
take advantage
take place
take care
take part
take account
take full
including
including word
including lexical
including information
including many
including semantic
including english
joint
joint conference
joint model
joint probability
joint inference
joint learning
joint models
retrieval
retrieval pages
retrieval system
retrieval conference
retrieval performance
retrieval systems
retrieval sigir
experiment
experiment results
experiment using
experiment shows
experiment setup
experiment described
experiment showed
relevant
relevant documents
relevant information
relevant features
relevant sentences
relevant terms
relevant document
shared
shared task
shared tasks
shared across
shared translation
shared knowledge
shared forest
comparison
comparison results
comparison purposes
comparison across
comparison method
comparison among
comparison using
finally
finally section
finally table
finally since
finally note
finally although
finally given
labeled
labeled data
labeled training
labeled examples
labeled instances
labeled attachment
labeled dependency
press
press cambridge
press chicago
press oxford
press journals
press london
press pages
complex
complex sentences
complex predicates
complex task
complex sentence
complex questions
complex linguistic
focus
focus word
focus space
focus spaces
focus stack
focus words
focus constraints
gold
gold standard
gold stan
gold standards
gold data
gold mentions
gold tags
report
report results
report university
report precision
report accuracy
report department
report stanford
addition
addition ally
addition since
addition many
addition deletion
addition several
addition although
measures
measures based
measures used
measures using
measures like
measures described
measures including
supervised
supervised learning
supervised methods
supervised machine
supervised training
supervised approach
supervised model
useful
useful information
useful features
useful comments
useful tool
useful feature
useful discussions
parameters
parameters used
parameters using
parameters based
parameters learned
parameters given
parameters like
senses
senses using
senses based
senses according
senses rather
senses associated
senses used
description
description length
description language
description logic
description logics
description using
description framework
additional
additional information
additional features
additional feature
additional training
additional data
additional constraints
considered
considered correct
considered relevant
considered part
considered similar
considered good
considered three
describe
describe experiments
describe three
describe several
describe related
describe events
describe work
compared
compared using
compared three
compared across
compared directly
compared methods
compared several
named
named entity
named entities
named enti
named mentions
named john
named nominal
ment
ment analysis
ment classification
ment data
ment models
ment structure
ment model
line
line lexical
line system
line shows
line search
line learning
line diagrams
overall
overall performance
overall accuracy
overall results
overall system
overall score
overall quality
concept
concept based
concept pairs
concept extraction
concept hierarchy
concept nodes
concept level
local
local context
local features
local coherence
local information
local dependencies
local search
position
position within
position information
position independent
position paper
position relative
position features
significant
significant improvement
significant difference
significant improvements
significant differences
significant amount
significant improve
problems
problems related
problems arise
problems using
problems like
problems associated
problems including
group
group university
group together
group words
group contains
group consists
group harvard
associated
associated words
associated press
associated word
associated text
associated semantic
associated features
applications
applications pages
applications including
applications using
applications like
applications include
applications volume
agreement
agreement among
agreement rate
agreement features
agreement scores
agreement rates
agreement study
tokens
tokens types
tokens within
tokens using
tokens including
tokens words
tokens used
application
application domain
application specific
application domains
application areas
application oriented
application area
rate
rate training
rate reduction
rate train
rate unlexicalized
rate figure
rate increases
german
german english
german rigau
german research
german word
german language
german data
least
least three
least squares
least common
least five
least twice
least partially
treebank
treebank marcus
treebank annotation
treebank data
treebank corpus
treebank project
treebank based
names
names like
names using
names including
names used
names based
names found
combination
combination methods
combination method
combination system
combination using
combination task
combination techniques
goal
goal directed
goal state
goal oriented
goal item
goal driven
goal tree
random
random fields
random walk
random field
random baseline
random sample
random variables
learn
learn word
learn rules
learn semantic
learn machine
learn orig
learn better
initial
initial state
initial experiments
initial tree
initial results
initial model
initial trees
journal
journal corpus
journal articles
journal back
journal pages
journal computational
journal text
still
still need
still remains
still remain
still much
still needs
still possible
syntax
syntax based
syntax semantics
syntax tree
syntax trees
syntax directed
syntax driven
across
across languages
across different
across domains
across multiple
across documents
across several
technology
technology conference
technology pages
technology research
technology workshop
technology center
technology volume
maximum
maximum entropy
maximum likelihood
maximum number
maximum length
maximum value
maximum matching
news
news articles
news corpus
news commentary
news stories
news text
news article
support
support vector
support verb
support vectors
support verbs
support systems
support system
concepts
concepts like
concepts using
concepts used
concepts within
concepts related
concepts based
translations
translations produced
translations using
translations generated
translations provided
translations according
translations based
bleu
bleu score
bleu scores
bleu points
bleu papineni
bleu nist
bleu metric
basic
basic idea
basic features
basic level
basic model
basic unit
basic types
provided
provided training
provided data
provided information
provided evidence
provided valuable
provided useful
clustering
clustering algorithm
clustering algorithms
clustering method
clustering based
clustering methods
clustering approach
identify
identify whether
identify words
identify potential
identify different
identify semantic
identify relevant
instead
instead uses
instead focus
instead used
instead using
instead rely
instead propose
likely
likely sequence
likely word
likely parse
likely candidate
likely translation
likely interpretation
relative
relative clause
relative clauses
relative frequency
relative frequencies
relative position
relative pronoun
contain
contain many
contain information
contain multiple
contain words
contain several
contain enough
morphological
morphological analysis
morphological analyzer
morphological features
morphological information
morphological segmentation
morphological disambiguation
predicate
predicate argument
predicate logic
predicate calculus
predicate arguments
predicate word
predicate identification
effect
effect size
effect relation
effect sizes
effect relations
effect cause
effect could
definition
definition extraction
definition questions
definition sentences
definition given
definition sentence
definition pairs
character
character based
character level
character sequence
character string
character sequences
character word
last
last word
last year
last column
last years
last section
last name
long
long distance
long term
long range
long papers
long sentences
long time
arguments
arguments using
arguments within
arguments based
arguments must
arguments cannot
arguments given
disambiguation
disambiguation using
disambiguation task
disambiguation model
disambiguation system
disambiguation rules
disambiguation systems
called
called word
called semantic
called lexical
called upon
called synsets
called discourse
project
project funded
project http
project report
project number
project aims
project grant
version
version used
version using
version uses
version contains
version received
version without
free
free grammars
free grammar
free text
free word
free languages
free parsing
respectively
respectively using
respectively denote
respectively whereas
respectively compared
respectively represent
respectively based
detection
detection task
detection using
detection system
detection systems
detection accuracy
detection method
times
times faster
times larger
times slower
times word
times higher
times smaller
network
network based
network language
network model
network analysis
network structure
network architecture
arabic
arabic english
arabic language
arabic text
arabic treebank
arabic words
arabic script
frame
frame work
frame elements
frame semantic
frame semantics
frame element
frame based
modeling
modeling toolkit
modeling approach
modeling techniques
modeling using
modeling framework
modeling local
inference
inference rules
inference algorithm
inference rule
inference procedure
inference problem
inference process
represent
represent different
represent words
represent word
represent semantic
represent syntactic
represent knowledge
lower
lower bound
lower case
lower level
lower order
lower bounds
lower performance
cannot
cannot find
cannot handle
cannot make
cannot capture
cannot easily
cannot simply
database
database query
database queries
database systems
database management
database contains
database system
mean
mean ings
mean average
mean reciprocal
mean number
mean field
mean value
side
side effect
side effects
side information
side parse
side context
side rule
token
token level
token based
token sequence
token ratio
token sequences
token type
clause
clause level
clause boundary
clause boundaries
clause grammars
clause type
clause grammar
performed
performed using
performed better
performed best
performed well
performed experiments
performed worse
weight
weight vector
weight vectors
weight matrix
weight function
weight assigned
weight associated
difference
difference among
difference lies
difference list
difference however
difference scores
difference across
japanese
japanese english
japanese sentences
japanese word
japanese sentence
japanese text
japanese morphological
provides
provides information
provides evidence
provides additional
provides better
provides useful
provides access
perform
perform better
perform well
perform ance
perform poorly
perform best
perform significantly
grammatical
grammatical relations
grammatical error
grammatical function
grammatical functions
grammatical errors
grammatical features
empirical
empirical methods
empirical study
empirical results
empirical meth
empirical evaluation
empirical studies
allows
allows users
allows multiple
allows researchers
allows different
allows easy
allows efficient
representations
representations using
representations used
representations based
representations learned
representations produced
representations obtained
person
person name
person names
person singular
person pronouns
person location
person number
open
open source
open domain
open class
open ended
open question
open information
topics
topics using
topics related
topics discussed
topics including
topics covered
topics within
occur
occur rences
occur rence
occur within
occur frequently
occur ring
occur together
known
known words
known word
known problem
known fact
known language
known information
match
match score
match exactly
match scores
match accuracy
match feature
match words
properties
properties like
properties associated
properties including
properties pages
properties used
properties mentioned
guage
guage processing
guage model
guage models
guage learning
guage modeling
guage resources
certain
certain types
certain threshold
certain amount
certain number
certain words
certain cases
short
short papers
short term
short text
short answer
short sentences
short texts
identification
identification task
identification using
identification system
identification model
identification accuracy
identification process
individual
individual words
individual word
individual features
individual sentences
individual systems
individual feature
generate
generate natural
generate sentences
generate features
generate text
generate word
generate training
inter
inter annotator
inter national
inter pretation
inter face
inter action
inter sentential
resolution
resolution system
resolution algorithm
resolution systems
resolution using
resolution task
resolution module
define
define three
define features
define several
define four
define semantic
define precision
ranking
ranking model
ranking algorithm
ranking function
ranking based
ranking task
ranking method
utterance
utterance level
utterance length
utterance boundaries
utterance based
utterance generation
utterance type
evaluate
evaluate whether
evaluate performance
evaluate different
evaluate semantic
evaluate several
evaluate using
third
third international
third person
third workshop
third order
third column
third step
component
component words
component analysis
component wise
component models
component based
component systems
probabilities
probabilities using
probabilities assigned
probabilities estimated
probabilities given
probabilities based
probabilities associated
elements
elements within
elements like
elements used
elements must
elements whose
elements including
french
french english
french german
french word
french words
french sentence
french translation
matching
matching algorithm
matching process
matching approach
matching words
matching techniques
matching score
real
real world
real time
real valued
real life
real users
real word
cluster
cluster based
cluster features
cluster analysis
cluster size
cluster level
cluster number
developed
developed using
developed within
developed based
developed specifically
developed independently
developed system
vectors
vectors representing
vectors using
vectors adjectives
vectors corresponding
vectors obtained
vectors based
sample
sample size
sample task
sample selection
sample sentence
sample sentences
sample text
tional
tional linguistics
tional conference
tional workshop
tional random
tional joint
tional natural
spoken
spoken language
spoken dialogue
spoken dialog
spoken document
spoken english
spoken dialogues
consists
consists mainly
consists entirely
consists primarily
consists solely
consists mostly
consists simply
items
items like
items used
items using
items within
items whose
items words
finite
finite state
finite string
finite verb
finite number
finite automata
finite verbs
range
range dependencies
range reorderings
range reordering
range concatenation
range restriction
range system
decision
decision tree
decision trees
decision making
decision list
decision lists
decision rule
interpretation
interpretation process
interpretation rules
interpretation function
interpretation system
interpretation using
interpretation task
coverage
coverage semantic
coverage grammar
coverage parsing
coverage efficient
coverage vector
coverage grammars
directly
directly comparable
directly related
directly compare
directly used
directly using
directly compared
account
account number
account different
account information
account using
account syntactic
account word
temporal
temporal expressions
temporal relations
temporal information
temporal relation
temporal expression
temporal structure
annotations
annotations provided
annotations produced
annotations using
annotations across
annotations based
annotations used
unsupervised
unsupervised learning
unsupervised word
unsupervised approach
unsupervised methods
unsupervised method
unsupervised part
appear
appear together
appear within
appear frequently
appear less
appear ance
appear either
give
give rise
give better
give examples
give good
give challenge
give higher
help
help improve
help users
help identify
help determine
help system
help reduce
scale
scale data
scale knowledge
scale corpus
scale corpora
scale evaluation
scale free
bilingual
bilingual dictionary
bilingual lexicon
bilingual corpora
bilingual corpus
bilingual word
bilingual dictionaries
path
path length
path based
path feature
path sentences
path features
path connecting
expression
expression generation
expression extraction
expression level
expression recognition
expression based
expression identification
assigned
assigned keyphrases
assigned labels
assigned scores
assigned based
assigned tags
assigned different
represented
represented using
represented within
represented explicitly
represented directly
represented either
represented separately
building
building educational
building blocks
building natural
building semantic
building block
building process
extract
extract features
extract information
extract relations
extract semantic
extract sentences
extract relevant
manually
manually annotated
manually created
manually labeled
manually constructed
manually tagged
manually selected
complete
complete list
complete parse
complete sentence
complete sentences
complete description
complete system
wikipedia
wikipedia articles
wikipedia article
wikipedia pages
wikipedia based
wikipedia data
wikipedia page
program
program committee
program ming
program thursday
program chairs
program friday
program chair
action
action sequence
action verbs
action space
action item
action items
action sequences
david
david chiang
david yarowsky
david traum
david mcclosky
david weir
david schlangen
weights
weights using
weights associated
weights assigned
weights learned
weights based
weights obtained
functions
functions used
functions defined
functions based
functions described
functions like
functions include
states
states government
states using
states correspond
states overlap
states based
states corresponding
tools
tools used
tools like
tools available
tools developed
tools pages
tools based
constraint
constraint based
constraint satisfaction
constraint grammar
constraint propagation
constraint violations
constraint driven
done
done using
done manually
done automatically
done based
done without
done within
june
june paul
june pages
june july
june third
june march
june open
points
points higher
points respectively
points better
points absolute
points lower
points improvement
makes
makes sense
makes explicit
makes possible
makes available
makes little
makes sure
though
though many
though still
though less
though different
though much
though using
derived
derived tree
derived trees
derived features
derived words
derived using
derived forms
apply
apply machine
apply rule
apply rules
apply different
apply several
apply standard
parameter
parameter estimation
parameter settings
parameter values
parameter tuning
parameter vector
parameter setting
world
world wide
world knowledge
world model
world applications
world data
world scientific
existing
existing approaches
existing work
existing methods
existing systems
existing resources
existing knowledge
produce
produce better
produce good
produce high
produce output
produce different
produce summaries
mark
mark johnson
mark steedman
mark dredze
mark dras
mark hopkins
mark stevenson
observed
observed data
observed word
observed agreement
observed words
observed frequency
observed variables
metrics
metrics used
metrics based
metrics task
metrics using
metrics like
metrics bleu
procedure
procedure described
procedure used
procedure based
procedure using
procedure would
procedure requires
larger
larger number
larger corpus
larger corpora
larger training
larger scale
larger data
hypothesis
hypothesis testing
hypothesis space
hypothesis alignment
hypothesis generation
hypothesis selection
hypothesis harris
compare
compare different
compare results
compare three
compare several
compare performance
compare systems
independent
independent system
independent features
independent named
independent word
independent given
independent approach
whose
whose value
whose nodes
whose values
whose head
whose root
whose first
parts
parts program
parts first
parts according
parts training
parts based
parts extraction
seen
seen words
seen whether
seen data
seen unseen
seen verbs
seen many
experimental
experimental results
experimental setup
experimental settings
experimental evaluation
experimental setting
experimental data
produced
produced using
produced summaries
produced automatically
produced better
produced text
produced results
articles
articles using
articles published
articles written
articles experiments
articles contain
articles reporting
written
written text
written language
written texts
written english
written form
written rules
together
together researchers
together using
together form
together within
together constitute
together without
resulting
resulting model
resulting system
resulting data
resulting corpus
resulting tree
resulting models
difficult
difficult task
difficult problem
difficult cases
difficult problems
difficult since
difficult words
understanding
understanding conference
understanding system
understanding systems
understanding natural
understanding workshop
understanding conferences
obtain
obtain better
obtain good
obtain high
obtain word
obtain higher
obtain information
refer
refer ence
refer ences
refer ring
refer back
refer orig
refer either
summary
summary sentences
summary length
summary generation
summary sentence
summary evaluation
summary content
matrix
matrix factorization
matrix clause
matrix vector
matrix multiplication
matrix verb
matrix whose
rank
rank correlation
rank test
rank based
rank order
rank ings
rank distance
objects
objects using
objects involved
objects like
objects within
objects whose
objects mentioned
differences
differences among
differences across
differences using
differences within
differences exist
differences observed
root
root node
root word
root form
root nodes
root words
root mean
improvement
improvement compared
improvement using
improvement comes
improvement obtained
improvement achieved
improvement would
clusters
clusters based
clusters using
clusters obtained
clusters produced
clusters containing
clusters created
appropriate
appropriate sense
appropriate level
appropriate semantic
appropriate type
appropriate translation
appropriate context
domains
domains like
domains using
domains including
domains respectively
domains without
domains since
people
people search
people tend
people often
people would
people places
people person
surface
surface form
surface forms
surface realization
surface structure
surface realisation
surface level
added
added value
added features
added benefit
added complexity
added information
added manually
components
components used
components including
components within
components using
components analysis
components must
edge
edge weights
edge base
edge labels
edge weight
edge discovery
edge sources
occurrence
occurrence statistics
occurrence frequency
occurrence counts
occurrence matrix
occurrence information
occurrence frequencies
reported
reported results
reported speech
reported using
reported performance
reported accuracy
reported experiments
construction
construction grammar
construction process
construction algorithm
construction method
construction based
construction specific
required
required information
required since
required data
required element
required time
required additional
coreference
coreference resolution
coreference chains
coreference chain
coreference resolu
coreference system
coreference relations
ones
ones used
ones like
ones obtained
ones based
ones described
ones using
computed
computed using
computed based
computed according
computed efficiently
computed automatically
computed directly
studies
studies university
studies show
studies using
studies used
studies suggest
studies showed
entropy
entropy model
entropy models
entropy based
entropy approach
entropy classifier
entropy inspired
mapping
mapping rules
mapping function
mapping table
mapping algorithm
mapping process
mapping rule
binary
binary classification
binary feature
binary features
binary classifier
binary relations
binary tree
metric
metric scores
metric used
metric based
metric papineni
metric learning
metric labeling
five
five different
five times
five years
five words
five fold
five types
discussion
discussion table
discussion forums
discussion forum
discussion thread
discussion section
discussion threads
always
always possible
always used
always available
always true
always better
always clear
papers
papers pages
papers volume
papers presented
papers accepted
papers published
papers submitted
view
view point
view learning
view points
view since
view however
view based
change
change without
change much
change point
change significantly
change state
change detection
units
units called
units edus
units words
units like
units within
units using
build
build upon
build models
build systems
build better
build language
build semantic
prediction
prediction accuracy
prediction model
prediction task
prediction models
prediction tasks
prediction problem
containing
containing information
containing words
containing multiple
containing many
containing several
containing word
sources
sources used
sources including
sources like
sources association
sources available
sources using
scheme
scheme used
scheme based
scheme described
scheme proposed
scheme using
scheme would
summarization
summarization system
summarization task
summarization systems
summarization using
summarization evaluation
summarization pages
utterances
utterances using
utterances containing
utterances generated
utterances within
utterances used
utterances whose
candidates
candidates based
candidates using
candidates according
candidates generated
candidates whose
candidates produced
strategy
strategy based
strategy used
strategy would
strategy using
strategy described
strategy could
testing
testing data
testing service
testing sets
testing corpus
testing phase
testing time
significantly
significantly better
significantly higher
significantly different
significantly outperforms
significantly improve
significantly lower
links
links among
links connecting
links within
links using
links across
links represent
propose
propose using
propose several
propose three
propose novel
propose methods
propose another
combined
combined model
combined system
combined using
combined approach
combined together
combined method
probabilistic
probabilistic model
probabilistic models
probabilistic context
probabilistic part
probabilistic approach
probabilistic parsing
cambridge
cambridge university
cambridge massachusetts
cambridge mass
cambridge cambridge
cambridge england
cambridge univer
identified
identified using
identified correctly
identified based
identified several
identified three
identified within
allow
allow users
allow multiple
allow different
allow students
allow easy
allow many
amount
amount number
amount structure
amount change
amount equal
amount quantifiers
amount added
post
post processing
post editing
post edited
post edit
post editors
post editor
link
link grammar
link structure
link based
link prediction
link types
link type
trans
trans lation
trans lations
trans lated
trans late
trans formation
trans orig
tool
tool used
tool called
tool based
tool developed
tool allows
tool suite
expected
expected number
expected answer
expected value
expected counts
expected since
expected bleu
respect
respect syntactic
respect orig
respect language
respect past
respect since
respect grammatical
determine
determine whether
determine sentence
determine word
determine exactly
determine possible
determine appropriate
statistics
statistics based
statistics pages
statistics package
statistics show
statistics obtained
statistics used
choice
choice questions
choice point
choice points
choice among
choice question
choice tests
collection
collection contains
collection consists
collection process
collection using
collection frequency
collection size
parsers
parsers trained
parsers output
parsers using
parsers based
parsers performance
parsers investigating
includes
includes many
includes three
includes several
includes information
includes features
includes statements
social
social media
social network
social networks
social sciences
social science
social psychology
textual
textual entailment
textual similarity
textual data
textual features
textual information
textual inference
taken
taken together
taken place
taken care
taken directly
taken advantage
taken part
evaluated
evaluated using
evaluated based
evaluated according
evaluated separately
evaluated three
evaluated several
count
count based
count features
count noun
count nouns
count feature
count liwc
gives
gives rise
gives better
gives examples
gives results
gives higher
gives good
vocabulary
vocabulary size
vocabulary words
vocabulary speech
vocabulary word
vocabulary items
vocabulary sizes
ments
ments using
ments show
ments based
ments described
ments across
ments containing
already
already mentioned
already existing
already available
already known
already present
already exist
usually
usually used
usually contain
usually called
usually done
usually considered
usually represented
created
created using
created based
created manually
created graph
created automatically
created three
speaker
speaker independent
speaker dependent
speaker adaptation
speaker specific
speaker turns
speaker wants
annotators
annotators agreed
annotators agree
annotators could
annotators would
annotators using
annotators annotated
achieved
achieved using
achieved better
achieved good
achieved higher
achieved high
achieved state
entries
entries using
entries contain
entries corresponding
entries including
entries like
entries would
michael
michael collins
michael strube
michael elhadad
michael white
michael gamon
michael riley
aligned
aligned parallel
aligned sentence
aligned corpus
aligned corpora
aligned data
aligned sentences
prior
prior work
prior knowledge
prior probability
prior polarity
prior distribution
prior probabilities
built
built using
built upon
built around
built based
built according
built manually
plan
plan based
plan recognition
plan ning
plan operators
plan inference
plan operator
included
included within
included among
included features
included three
included many
included additional
cost
cost function
cost functions
cost sensitive
cost effective
cost model
cost estimation
manual
manual annotation
manual evaluation
manual inspection
manual analysis
manual annotations
manual effort
course
course structure
course relations
course relation
course markers
course parsing
course connectives
recent
recent work
recent years
recent advances
recent research
recent studies
recent developments
special
special issue
special case
special interest
special cases
special thanks
special purpose
whole
whole sentence
whole corpus
whole document
whole process
whole system
whole relations
classifiers
classifiers trained
classifiers using
classifiers based
classifiers used
classifiers performance
classifiers confidence
spanish
spanish english
spanish french
spanish language
spanish word
spanish translation
spanish corpus
assume
assume access
assume without
assume also
assume independence
assume gold
assume following
opinion
opinion mining
opinion words
opinion target
opinion expressions
opinion analysis
opinion targets
logical
logical form
logical forms
logical structure
logical analysis
logical inference
logical metonymy
others
others orig
others like
others rate
others might
others including
others require
limited
limited number
limited amount
limited domain
limited memory
limited resources
limited coverage
simply
simply using
simply take
simply adding
simply used
simply assume
simply counting
turn
turn taking
turn right
turn left
turn yielding
turn level
turn management
queries
queries using
queries based
queries submitted
queries like
queries containing
queries used
ways
ways first
ways depending
ways including
ways similar
ways using
ways ambiguous
contexts
contexts using
contexts tend
contexts like
contexts based
contexts surrounding
contexts containing
tive
tive learning
tive model
tive training
tive language
tive examples
tive function
lists
lists generated
lists produced
lists used
lists containing
lists using
lists contain
indicates
indicates whether
indicates statistical
indicates statistically
indicates high
indicates better
indicates best
characters
characters long
characters using
characters words
characters used
characters like
characters reveal
variables
variables used
variables associated
variables representing
variables corresponding
variables whose
variables given
necessary
necessary information
necessary step
necessary condition
necessary since
necessary conditions
necessary first
select
select sentences
select among
select features
select appropriate
select words
select relevant
represents
represents whether
represents either
represents word
represents words
represents information
represents sentences
article
article pairs
article text
article presents
article errors
article describes
article titles
technical
technical report
technical terms
technical university
technical note
technical reports
technical details
sequences
sequences using
sequences given
sequences like
sequences within
sequences containing
sequences generated
complexity
complexity analysis
complexity results
complexity measures
complexity features
complexity theory
complexity bounds
design
design decisions
design principles
design choices
design challenges
design process
design features
computing
computing research
computing science
computing systems
computing semantic
computing surveys
computing machinery
intelligence
intelligence pages
intelligence research
intelligence aaai
intelligence center
intelligence laboratory
intelligence volume
global
global features
global context
global inference
global wordnet
global constraints
global model
frequent
frequent words
frequent sense
frequent word
frequent class
frequent verbs
frequent nouns
tagger
tagger trained
tagger toutanova
tagger using
tagger brill
tagger generator
tagger based
contrast
contrast relation
contrast relations
contrast orig
contrast elaboration
contrast hypothesis
contrast classifiers
resource
resource poor
resource grammar
resource rich
resource languages
resource scarce
resource language
efficient
efficient parsing
efficient algorithm
efficient estimation
efficient algorithms
efficient context
efficient implementation
back
back ground
back issues
back propagation
back transliteration
back channel
back translation
roles
roles using
roles agent
roles associated
roles like
roles used
roles played
mining
mining pages
mining software
mining system
mining techniques
mining practical
mining tasks
potential
potential applications
potential antecedents
potential users
potential problem
potential problems
potential answers
call
call center
call types
call type
call centers
call classification
call resources
compute
compute similarity
compute semantic
compute precision
compute word
compute lexical
compute features
issues
issues related
issues involved
issues concerning
issues raised
issues like
issues relevant
requires
requires less
requires much
requires additional
requires large
requires human
requires knowledge
authors
authors would
authors thank
authors wish
authors also
authors acknowledge
authors used
formal
formal semantics
formal language
formal definition
formal languages
formal model
formal description
partial
partial parsing
partial parse
partial order
partial match
partial parses
partial tree
threshold
threshold value
threshold values
threshold parameter
threshold figure
threshold based
threshold used
constituent
constituent structure
constituent parsing
constituent based
constituent words
constituent order
constituent structures
place
place names
place edinburgh
place name
place holder
place holders
place predicate
evidence
evidence based
evidence suggests
evidence relation
evidence provided
evidence supporting
evidence combination
levels
levels using
levels including
levels respectively
levels according
levels lexical
levels based
proper
proper names
proper nouns
proper noun
proper name
proper ties
proper treatment
artificial
artificial intelligence
artificial intelli
artificial intel
artificial neural
artificial language
artificial data
national
national conference
national science
national corpus
national institute
national university
national research
alignments
alignments using
alignments produced
alignments obtained
alignments based
alignments generated
alignments used
stage
stage approach
stage process
stage model
stage parser
stage method
stage classifier
interaction
interaction extraction
interaction among
interaction quality
interaction patterns
interaction pages
interaction manager
tures
tures used
tures based
tures extracted
tures derived
tures described
tures including
learned
learned using
learned model
learned rules
learned models
learned weights
learned patterns
implementation
implementation details
implementation uses
implementation issues
implementation provided
implementation described
implementation using
weighted
weighted finite
weighted average
weighted tree
weighted graph
weighted voting
weighted automata
differ
differ ences
differ ence
differ significantly
differ orig
differ considerably
differ substantially
discussed
discussed earlier
discussed later
discussed previously
discussed next
discussed briefly
discussed several
create
create training
create word
create three
create summaries
create additional
create clusters
direct
direct object
direct comparison
direct translation
direct objects
direct transfer
direct speech
labeling
labeling sequence
labeling task
labeling tasks
labeling problem
labeling system
labeling using
tagged
tagged corpus
tagged data
tagged corpora
tagged text
tagged using
tagged words
hence
hence forth
hence cannot
hence also
hence even
hence given
hence many
dependencies
dependencies among
dependencies using
dependencies within
dependencies manual
dependencies representation
dependencies across
kind
kind described
kind shown
kind used
kind referring
kind support
kind child
online
online learning
online large
online reviews
online discussions
online news
online passive
conclusion
conclusion future
conclusion although
conclusion section
conclusion sections
conclusion using
conclusion would
aspects
aspects like
aspects related
aspects including
aspects include
aspects relevant
aspects first
segment
segment boundaries
segment level
segment based
segment boundary
segment length
segment pairs
require
require ments
require ment
require large
require different
require additional
require special
variable
variable length
variable model
variable models
variable binding
variable grammars
variable number
highest
highest score
highest scoring
highest probability
highest ranked
highest accuracy
highest scores
grams
grams orig
grams bigrams
grams extracted
grams based
grams corpus
grams whose
book
book reviews
book review
book contains
book provides
book would
book title
york
york city
york times
york university
york academic
york june
york april
ambiguity
ambiguity resolution
ambiguity problem
ambiguity classes
ambiguity class
ambiguity level
ambiguity rate
improved
improved performance
improved statistical
improved results
improved inference
improved word
improved alignment
dependent
dependent word
dependent variable
dependent features
dependent upon
dependent words
dependent knowledge
basis
basis function
basis vectors
basis elements
basis vector
basis mapping
basis functions
idea
idea behind
idea underlying
idea would
idea could
idea units
idea presented
mentioned
mentioned earlier
mentioned previously
mentioned explicitly
mentioned entities
mentioned language
mentioned entity
mention
mention detection
mention pair
mention pairs
mention model
mention boundaries
mention level
steps
steps towards
steps first
steps toward
steps involved
steps described
steps step
scope
scope detection
scope resolution
scope ambiguities
scope finding
scope ambiguity
scope tokens
field
field model
field codes
field contains
field values
field word
field parsing
issue
issue mailing
issue based
issue concerns
issue since
issue arises
issue negotiation
works
works well
works better
works best
works quite
works like
works using
quite
quite different
quite similar
quite well
quite high
quite large
quite small
effective
effective ness
effective method
effective features
effective approach
effective tools
effective self
takes
takes place
takes advantage
takes care
takes time
takes less
takes values
ture
ture work
ture selection
ture vector
ture sets
ture vectors
ture space
setting
setting using
setting since
setting aside
setting however
setting used
setting allows
participants
participants could
participants used
participants would
participants must
participants also
participants using
edges
edges represent
edges connecting
edges labeled
edges representing
edges correspond
edges whose
module
module uses
module takes
module based
module also
module called
module generates
introduced
introduced earlier
introduced errors
introduced noise
introduced several
introduced without
introduced features
reading
reading comprehension
reading level
reading time
reading times
reading difficulty
reading levels
strings
strings like
strings containing
strings trees
strings generated
strings using
strings rather
making
making large
making sense
making sure
making process
making available
making decisions
indicate
indicate whether
indicate better
indicate different
indicate significant
indicate word
indicate higher
semi
semi supervised
semi automatic
semi automatically
semi structured
semi markov
semi automated
identifying
identifying word
identifying semantic
identifying relations
identifying relevant
identifying sentence
identifying whether
finding
finding rules
finding predominant
finding similar
finding structure
finding good
finding answers
acquisition
acquisition induction
acquisition process
acquisition pages
acquisition system
acquisition bottleneck
acquisition using
chapter
chapter conferences
chapter ends
chapter also
chapter describes
chapter contains
chapter making
department
department university
department stanford
department carnegie
department rwth
department columbia
department reports
solution
solution would
solution space
solution based
solution using
solution could
solution might
marked
marked words
marked word
marked using
marked improvement
marked difference
marked explicitly
unit
unit selection
unit length
unit boundaries
unit cost
unit types
unit sentence
memory
memory based
memory requirements
memory usage
memory limitations
memory load
memory constraints
logic
logic programming
logic language
logic based
logic grammars
logic networks
logic programs
correlation
correlation coefficient
correlation coefficients
correlation analysis
correlation scores
correlation based
correlation values
latent
latent semantic
latent variable
latent dirichlet
latent variables
latent topics
latent topic
polarity
polarity classification
polarity lexicon
polarity positive
polarity detection
polarity scores
polarity classifier
whereas
whereas others
whereas english
whereas previous
whereas using
whereas another
whereas many
attribute
attribute value
attribute values
attribute selection
attribute extraction
attribute based
attribute type
aspect
aspect term
aspect terms
aspect based
aspect category
aspect sentiment
aspect extraction
scoring
scoring function
scoring system
scoring functions
scoring scheme
scoring method
scoring model
highly
highly correlated
highly ambiguous
highly relevant
highly significant
highly ranked
highly accurate
groups
groups together
groups based
groups according
groups using
groups words
groups also
needed
needed information
needed since
needed basis
needed within
needed instead
needed especially
derivation
derivation tree
derivation trees
derivation process
derivation step
derivation history
derivation structure
degree
degree distribution
degree centrality
degree polynomial
degree distributions
degree greater
degree adverbs
decoding
decoding algorithm
decoding time
decoding process
decoding algorithms
decoding speed
decoding problem
alternative
alternative approach
alternative communication
alternative approaches
alternative ways
alternative method
alternative methods
achieve
achieve better
achieve high
achieve good
achieve higher
achieve state
achieve significant
answers
answers given
answers using
answers found
answers returned
answers provided
answers questions
location
location names
location name
location organization
location information
location time
location based
technique
technique used
technique described
technique based
technique called
technique proposed
technique using
increase
increase recall
increase performance
increase accuracy
increase coverage
increase precision
increase parsing
hierarchical
hierarchical phrase
hierarchical structure
hierarchical clustering
hierarchical model
hierarchical dirichlet
hierarchical bayesian
clear
clear whether
clear advantage
clear distinction
clear separation
clear improvement
clear however
ontology
ontology based
ontology learning
ontology matching
ontology population
ontology driven
ontology concepts
start
start symbol
start state
start time
start position
start point
start node
agent
agent patient
agent based
agent theme
agent role
agent systems
agent architecture
datasets
datasets used
datasets using
datasets show
datasets provided
datasets contain
datasets described
subset
subset selection
subset tree
subset construction
subset contains
subset containing
subset relation
purpose
purpose clauses
purpose sentence
purpose built
purpose clause
purpose phrases
purpose relation
neural
neural network
neural networks
neural information
neural language
neural computation
neural probabilistic
towards
towards automatic
towards robust
towards building
towards better
towards developing
towards answering
reason
reason able
reason behind
reason ably
reason might
reason could
reason orig
structured
structured prediction
structured data
structured perceptron
structured information
structured output
structured learning
mentions
mentions within
mentions using
mentions referring
mentions refer
mentions without
mentions match
numbers
numbers indicate
numbers show
numbers represent
numbers dates
numbers reported
numbers shown
implemented
implemented using
implemented system
implemented within
implemented systems
implemented based
implemented three
interesting
interesting question
interesting results
interesting observation
interesting research
interesting result
interesting aspect
american
american chapter
american journal
american society
american english
american medical
american association
active
active learning
active voice
active edge
active features
active learn
active passive
descriptions
descriptions using
descriptions produced
descriptions generated
descriptions based
descriptions containing
descriptions like
speakers
speakers intention
speakers utterance
speakers intentions
speakers description
speakers utterances
speakers tend
counts
counts obtained
counts using
counts based
counts used
counts returned
counts across
along
along several
along three
along similar
along side
along different
along multiple
product
product reviews
product features
product feature
product review
product names
product name
interest
interest group
interest ingly
interest rate
interest groups
interest rates
interest would
presents
presents results
presents several
presents experiments
presents three
presents related
presents experimental
cause
cause effect
cause problems
cause relation
cause detection
cause event
cause many
adding
adding features
adding additional
adding semantic
adding extra
adding information
adding lexical
attributes
attributes used
attributes like
attributes extraction
attributes using
attributes extracted
attributes include
describes
describes experiments
describes related
describes three
describes work
describes several
describes previous
know
know whether
know exactly
know something
know anything
know orig
know nothing
confidence
confidence score
confidence scores
confidence level
confidence intervals
confidence interval
confidence estimation
index
index terms
index term
index vectors
index file
index based
index volumes
chosen
chosen based
chosen randomly
chosen according
chosen alternative
chosen using
chosen words
typically
typically used
typically occur
typically contain
typically found
typically require
typically associated
driven
driven phrase
driven learning
driven statistical
driven approach
driven dependency
driven approaches
around
around three
around half
around zero
around five
around words
around four
brown
brown corpus
brown university
brown clusters
brown peter
brown stephen
brown clustering
address
address changes
address given
address issues
address institution
address several
address data
dialog
dialog systems
dialog system
dialog state
dialog manager
dialog acts
dialog management
generating
generating referring
generating typed
generating natural
generating text
generating summaries
generating sentences
structural
structural information
structural features
structural ambiguity
structural descriptions
structural properties
structural correspondence
multilingual
multilingual dependency
multilingual text
multilingual lexical
multilingual information
multilingual corpus
multilingual semantic
novel
novel approach
novel method
novel features
novel algorithm
novel task
novel framework
extended
extended version
extended domain
extended wordnet
extended model
extended feature
extended gloss
relatively
relatively small
relatively high
relatively simple
relatively easy
relatively large
relatively free
naacl
naacl pages
naacl workshop
naacl companion
naacl main
naacl short
naacl boston
element
element wise
element name
element boundaries
element data
element identification
element must
item
item based
item types
item type
item generation
item response
item derivation
review
review editor
review data
review text
review dataset
review related
review process
clauses
clauses containing
clauses within
clauses based
clauses introduced
clauses like
clauses sentences
major
major problem
major difference
major challenge
major source
major problems
major types
capture
capture different
capture long
capture semantic
capture lexical
capture information
capture syntactic
european
european chapter
european conference
european languages
european language
european workshop
european union
kernel
kernel methods
kernel based
kernel function
kernel functions
kernel method
kernel meth
institute
institute university
institute carnegie
institute marina
institute qatar
institute school
institute berkeley
want
want want
want italian
want need
want agent
want something
want user
summaries
summaries using
summaries generated
summaries produced
summaries based
summaries created
summaries written
control
control structure
control group
control verbs
control strategy
control system
control structures
reordering
reordering model
reordering rules
reordering models
reordering patterns
reordering constraints
reordering features
needs
needs training
needs access
needs analysis
needs information
needs less
needs additional
correctly
correctly identified
correctly classified
correctly recognized
correctly predicted
correctly identify
correctly translated
likelihood
likelihood ratio
likelihood estimation
likelihood estimate
likelihood function
likelihood estimates
likelihood ratios
conditional
conditional random
conditional probability
conditional probabilities
conditional distribution
conditional entropy
conditional models
combining
combining multiple
combining lexical
combining different
combining word
combining labeled
combining outputs
follow
follow orig
follow previous
follow standard
follow directly
follow different
follow similar
details
details http
details regarding
details please
details concerning
details refer
details differ
ambiguous
ambiguous word
ambiguous words
ambiguous cases
ambiguous sentences
ambiguous terms
ambiguous name
zero
zero pronouns
zero anaphora
zero pronoun
zero probability
zero shot
zero mean
emnlp
emnlp pages
emnlp conll
emnlp conference
emnlp philadelphia
emnlp volume
emnlp vancouver
unknown
unknown words
unknown word
unknown tokens
unknown terms
unknown morpheme
unknown language
code
code switching
code switched
code mixing
code switch
code length
code base
translated
translated texts
translated text
translated sentences
translated sentence
translated words
translated word
interface
interface design
interface allows
interface system
interface figure
interface based
interface used
distributional
distributional similarity
distributional semantics
distributional semantic
distributional models
distributional model
distributional hypothesis
years
years shared
years later
years workshop
years several
years task
years many
generally
generally speaking
generally accepted
generally used
generally applicable
generally considered
generally agreed
software
software engineering
software package
software tools
software available
software development
software tool
adaptation
adaptation using
adaptation techniques
adaptation methods
adaptation data
adaptation method
adaptation technique
estimation
estimation method
estimation methods
estimation using
estimation techniques
estimation procedure
estimation algorithm
easily
easily extended
easily adapted
easily accessible
easily available
easily identified
easily applied
otherwise
otherwise specified
otherwise stated
otherwise would
otherwise noted
otherwise identical
otherwise orig
strategies
strategies used
strategies based
strategies using
strategies described
strategies could
strategies like
especially
especially important
especially true
especially useful
especially since
especially relevant
especially interesting
look
look like
look ahead
look forward
look back
look similar
look beyond
architecture
architecture figure
architecture allows
architecture described
architecture based
architecture used
architecture proposed
unique
unique words
unique identifier
unique word
unique feature
unique identifiers
unique tokens
predicates
predicates like
predicates arguments
predicates whose
predicates using
predicates used
predicates based
entry
entry point
entry word
entry contains
entry points
entry level
entry consists
adjectives
adjectives adverbs
adjectives nouns
adjectives verbs
adjectives like
adjectives using
adjectives according
literature
literature review
literature survey
literature abstracts
literature based
literature ontologies
literature mining
explicit
explicit semantic
explicit discourse
explicit relations
explicit representation
explicit connectives
explicit word
estimate
estimate parameters
estimate probabilities
estimate word
estimate whether
estimate model
estimate based
response
response generation
response time
response pairs
response times
response based
response variable
separate
separate models
separate words
separate word
separate feature
separate features
separate classifiers
stanford
stanford university
stanford parser
stanford california
stanford dependency
stanford dependencies
stanford typed
fully
fully automatic
fully specified
fully unsupervised
fully supervised
fully automated
fully connected
strong
strong baseline
strong correlation
strong evidence
strong enough
strong baselines
strong preference
page
page numbers
page rank
page http
page classification
page pairs
page counts
currently
currently available
currently used
currently working
currently investigating
currently developing
currently contains
optimal
optimal solution
optimal value
optimal number
optimal values
optimal solutions
optimal performance
conditions
conditions hold
conditions must
conditions using
conditions holds
conditions described
conditions like
split
split merge
split ting
split point
split points
split head
split sentences
actions
actions performed
actions taken
actions based
actions associated
actions used
actions like
expressed
expressed using
expressed towards
expressed within
expressed explicitly
expressed implicitly
expressed either
answering
answering system
answering systems
answering track
answering questions
answering using
answering task
wide
wide range
wide coverage
wide variety
wide scope
wide margin
wide array
factors
factors affecting
factors including
factors like
factors involved
factors contribute
factors affect
ence
ence resolution
ence pages
ence foundation
ence rules
ence translations
ence university
students
students answer
students learn
students read
students could
students taking
students answers
ability
ability distribution
ability distributions
ability mass
ability model
ability estimates
ability assessment
access
access information
access system
access evaluation
access time
access control
access method
zhang
zhang jian
zhang liang
zhang xiao
zhang haizhou
zhang stephan
zhang institute
reduce
reduce parsing
reduce parser
reduce noise
reduce actions
reduce data
reduce action
cognitive
cognitive science
cognitive processes
cognitive psychology
cognitive load
cognitive aspects
cognitive modeling
segments
segments using
segments containing
segments within
segments must
segments based
segments according
comparable
comparable corpora
comparable corpus
comparable results
comparable performance
comparable texts
comparable data
designed
designed specifically
designed features
designed based
designed around
designed using
designed primarily
pronoun
pronoun resolution
pronoun translation
pronoun interpretation
pronoun references
pronoun prediction
pronoun coreference
transition
transition based
transition probabilities
transition probability
transition network
transition system
transition matrix
taking
taking advantage
taking place
taking part
taking care
taking nouns
taking account
networks
networks using
networks pages
networks based
networks socher
networks like
networks arising
enough
enough information
enough data
enough training
enough evidence
enough time
enough context
seems
seems reasonable
seems likely
seems like
seems clear
seems quite
seems plausible
fixed
fixed number
fixed length
fixed size
fixed point
fixed expressions
fixed word
regular
regular expressions
regular expression
regular languages
regular tree
regular language
regular polysemy
applying
applying machine
applying rules
applying different
applying bayes
applying statistical
applying conditional
rich
rich languages
rich language
rich syntactic
rich part
rich feature
rich linguistic
annotator
annotator agreement
annotator agree
annotator reliability
annotator disagreement
annotator bias
annotator training
style
style algorithm
style features
style parser
style markers
style rules
style semantic
fine
fine grained
fine tuning
fine tune
fine tuned
fine grain
fine granularity
entailment
entailment challenge
entailment relations
entailment rules
entailment relation
entailment recognition
entailment pairs
frames
frames using
frames files
frames containing
frames based
frames associated
frames contain
boundaries
boundaries within
boundaries using
boundaries based
boundaries marked
boundaries identified
boundaries assigned
lemma
lemma part
lemma based
lemma lemma
lemma form
lemma information
lemma features
predict
predict whether
predict human
predict self
predict user
predict word
predict semantic
editors
editors proceedings
editors advances
editors handbook
editors proc
editors natural
editors university
condition
condition holds
condition part
condition action
condition condition
condition imposed
condition appears
correction
correction system
correction using
correction model
correction rules
correction task
correction candidates
july
july december
july september
july pages
july august
july open
july conferences
discuss
discuss related
discuss several
discuss future
discuss possible
discuss three
discuss issues
core
core arguments
core language
core grammar
core meaning
core roles
core idea
phase
phase approach
phase consists
phase uses
phase model
phase three
phase based
past
past tense
past participle
past work
past decade
past present
past perfect
constituents
constituents whose
constituents within
constituents using
constituents rather
constituents like
constituents head
constructed
constructed using
constructed based
constructed semantic
constructed according
constructed manually
constructed automatically
appears
appears within
appears twice
appears frequently
appears less
appears first
appears without
correspond
correspond directly
correspond well
correspond exactly
correspond roughly
correspond orig
correspond closely
chen
chen greg
chen chen
chen junichi
chen department
chen stanley
chen national
graphs
graphs using
graphs show
graphs representing
graphs used
graphs based
graphs produced
communication
communication science
communication research
communication association
communication systems
communication channel
communication technologies
property
property holds
property names
property values
property value
property sharing
property list
tested
tested using
tested whether
tested several
tested three
tested different
tested four
tween
tween words
tween different
tween pairs
tween entities
tween languages
tween source
representing
representing knowledge
representing adjective
representing discourse
representing words
representing different
representing word
collins
collins parser
collins thompson
collins michael
collins model
collins parsing
collins philipp
ranked
ranked list
ranked according
ranked lists
ranked higher
ranked first
ranked using
window
window size
window sizes
window based
window around
window length
window approach
relationship
relationship among
relationship extraction
relationship types
relationship type
relationship holds
relationship exists
furthermore
furthermore since
furthermore many
furthermore even
furthermore given
furthermore using
furthermore although
impact
impact based
impact factor
impact score
impact summarization
impact analysis
impact information
choose
choose among
choose different
choose whether
choose either
choose appropriate
choose actions
penn
penn treebank
penn tree
penn discourse
penn chinese
penn arabic
penn english
tweets
tweets containing
tweets using
tweets contain
tweets collected
tweets posted
tweets related
equivalent
equivalent words
equivalent sentences
equivalent amount
equivalent states
equivalent terms
equivalent expressions
ings
ings ofacl
ings pages
ings using
ings suggest
ings produced
ings based
introduce
introduce noise
introduce additional
introduce several
introduce three
introduce another
introduce errors
easy
easy first
easy task
easy access
easy domain
easy cases
easy integration
formation
formation retrieval
formation extraction
formation processing
formation rules
formation structure
formation science
engineering
engineering university
engineering research
engineering department
engineering pages
engineering across
engineering national
entire
entire corpus
entire sentence
entire training
entire document
entire data
entire text
changes
changes made
changes within
changes occur
changes would
changes according
changes copies
reviews
reviews using
reviews related
reviews current
reviews dataset
reviews books
reviews corpus
ceedings
ceedings ofacl
ceedings international
ceedings pages
ceedings volume
ceedings arpa
ceedings series
factor
factor graph
factor analysis
factor graphs
factor ization
factor based
factor model
formed
formed input
formed sentences
formed using
formed text
formed dependency
formed sentence
equation
equation system
equation holds
equation using
equation shows
equation used
equation templates
calculated
calculated using
calculated based
calculated according
calculated separately
calculated precision
calculated efficiently
functional
functional grammar
functional words
functional theory
functional unification
functional relations
functional tags
supported
supported cooperative
supported languages
supported collaborative
supported features
supported education
supported language
objective
objective function
objective functions
objective func
objective measures
objective evaluation
objective sentences
smaller
smaller number
smaller training
smaller units
smaller language
smaller corpus
smaller ones
actual
actual words
actual number
actual text
actual value
actual word
actual data
center
center university
center embedding
center cambridge
center embedded
center department
center palo
parses
parses produced
parses using
parses generated
parses based
parses found
parses given
contextual
contextual information
contextual features
contextual polarity
contextual similarity
contextual evidence
contextual rules
showed
showed significant
showed better
showed promising
showed good
showed similar
showed improvements
robust
robust parsing
robust parser
robust ness
robust semantic
robust enough
robust processing
author
author index
author would
author topic
author identification
author ship
author names
coling
coling pages
coling proceedings
coling workshop
coling geneva
coling conference
coling posters
hard
hard constraints
hard work
hard problem
hard constraint
hard cases
hard clustering
validation
validation experiments
validation results
validation data
validation accuracy
validation experiment
validation test
moreover
moreover since
moreover even
moreover many
moreover using
moreover although
moreover given
ordering
ordering constraints
ordering model
ordering task
ordering rules
ordering information
ordering problem
performs
performs better
performs well
performs best
performs significantly
performs worse
performs slightly
distributions
distributions across
distributions using
distributions used
distributions based
distributions given
distributions estimated
comparing
comparing different
comparing corpora
comparing results
comparing word
comparing semantic
comparing systems
prob
prob ability
prob lems
prob abilities
prob abilistic
prob orig
prob ably
subjects
subjects objects
subjects used
subjects could
subjects would
subjects participated
subjects made
adjective
adjective noun
adjective adverb
adjective phrase
adjective pairs
adjective phrases
adjective verb
morphology
morphology syntax
morphology induction
morphology based
morphology using
morphology learning
morphology generation
similarly
similarly defined
similarly define
similarly since
similarly given
similarly sized
similarly using
variety
variety criteria
variety features
variety identification
variety among
variety conversations
variety corpora
boundary
boundary detection
boundary words
boundary tone
boundary identification
boundary information
boundary tones
previously
previously unseen
previously mentioned
previously used
previously reported
previously proposed
previously published
predicted
predicted labels
predicted class
predicted label
predicted word
predicted scores
predicted using
twitter
twitter data
twitter sentiment
twitter users
twitter messages
twitter specific
twitter user
latter
latter case
latter approach
latter type
latter task
latter problem
latter model
lead
lead baseline
lead based
lead sentence
lead sentences
lead directly
lead char
wang
wang ling
wang michael
wang kentaro
wang john
wang ting
wang department
bound
bound aries
bound variable
bound morphemes
bound variables
bound performance
bound algorithm
occurs
occurs within
occurs frequently
occurs exactly
occurs twice
occurs without
occurs less
false
false positives
false positive
false negatives
false negative
false friends
false starts
definitions
definitions using
definitions given
definitions based
definitions used
definitions would
definitions contain
nature
nature humans
nature reviews
nature makes
nature methods
nature rather
nature origin
child
child language
child nodes
child directed
child node
child development
child parent
conclusions
conclusions contained
conclusions drawn
conclusions future
conclusions expressed
conclusions based
conclusions section
student
student research
student answers
student session
student essays
student answer
student members
occurrences
occurrences within
occurrences extracted
occurrences using
occurrences throughout
occurrences among
occurrences found
clearly
clearly shows
clearly show
clearly defined
clearly outperforms
clearly indicate
clearly better
actually
actually used
actually occur
actually appear
actually correct
actually quite
actually observed
sion
sion recall
sion tree
sion model
sion trees
sion models
sion rules
almost
almost always
almost identical
almost every
almost exclusively
almost certainly
almost half
hidden
hidden markov
hidden layer
hidden state
hidden states
hidden variables
hidden units
technologies
technologies pages
technologies institute
technologies volume
technologies iwpt
technologies naacl
technologies short
accurate
accurate compact
accurate methods
accurate unlexicalized
accurate results
accurate statistical
accurate models
develop
develop ment
develop ments
develop methods
develop algorithms
develop tools
develop models
assumption
assumption behind
assumption made
assumption underlying
assumption holds
assumption allows
assumption seems
followed
followed closely
followed immediately
followed optionally
followed directly
followed standard
followed preceded
czech
czech republic
czech english
czech translation
czech language
czech data
czech sentence
specifically
specifically designed
specifically given
specifically tailored
specifically developed
specifically interested
specifically targeted
lation
lation model
lation quality
lation system
lation models
lation extraction
lation systems
daniel
daniel marcu
daniel gildea
daniel jurafsky
daniel stein
daniel chung
daniel flickinger
koehn
koehn hieu
koehn franz
koehn christof
koehn philipp
koehn university
koehn martha
detailed
detailed description
detailed analysis
detailed information
detailed discussion
detailed results
detailed error
deep
deep learning
deep syntactic
deep linguistic
deep neural
deep semantic
deep parsing
effects
effects model
effects models
effects caused
effects could
effects modeling
effects like
close
close enough
close relationship
close together
close proximity
close test
close track
kinds
kinds lexical
kinds attributes
kinds people
kinds rather
kinds constant
kinds depending
default
default settings
default value
default values
default unification
default parameters
default inheritance
believe
believe however
believe agent
believe think
believe could
believe would
believe anything
evaluating
evaluating word
evaluating machine
evaluating automatic
evaluating translation
evaluating spoken
evaluating semantic
manning
manning andrew
manning mihai
manning christopher
manning stanford
manning computer
manning department
proceed
proceed ings
proceed orig
proceed without
proceed along
proceed according
proceed incrementally
tence
tence pairs
tence level
tence length
tence pair
tence compression
tence alignment
determined
determined using
determined based
determined empirically
determined whether
determined automatically
determined experimentally
overview
overview paper
overview figure
overview papers
overview first
overview summaries
overview given
exact
exact match
exact inference
exact matches
exact matching
exact test
exact solution
read
read ability
read ings
read speech
read able
read orig
read texts
preposition
preposition errors
preposition error
preposition sense
preposition noun
preposition selection
preposition usage
native
native speakers
native language
native speaker
native english
native speech
native languages
mation
mation retrieval
mation extraction
mation processing
mation systems
mation science
mation theory
ratio
ratio test
ratio feature
ratio based
ratio statistic
ratio score
ratio threshold
extracting
extracting information
extracting semantic
extracting relations
extracting parallel
extracting paraphrases
extracting opinion
span
span ning
span length
span matching
span based
span multiple
span pair
date
date time
date expressions
date information
date date
date expression
date selection
medical
medical informatics
medical domain
medical language
medical text
medical records
medical terms
little
little work
little attention
little difference
little effect
little impact
little training
grained
grained sense
grained semantic
grained distinctions
grained senses
grained opinion
grained analysis
area
area chairs
area like
area would
area code
area orig
area within
construct
construct state
construct word
construct features
construct driven
construct training
construct feature
situation
situation semantics
situation types
situation type
situation described
situation model
situation specific
consistent
consistent across
consistent improvements
consistent improvement
consistent results
consistent annotation
consistent performance
pronouns
pronouns within
pronouns like
pronouns adjectives
pronouns definite
pronouns refer
pronouns proper
tense
tense aspect
tense past
tense verb
tense present
tense pres
tense form
transfer
transfer rules
transfer learning
transfer based
transfer rule
transfer model
transfer component
longer
longer sentences
longer phrases
longer words
longer term
longer texts
longer ones
monolingual
monolingual corpora
monolingual data
monolingual corpus
monolingual english
monolingual text
monolingual word
practical
practical applications
practical machine
practical application
practical issues
practical reasons
practical purposes
collected
collected data
collected using
collected corpus
collected human
collected tweets
collected papers
markov
markov models
markov model
markov logic
markov chain
markov decision
markov random
thank
thank prof
thank anonymous
thank three
thank mark
thank michael
thank david
unlabeled
unlabeled data
unlabeled examples
unlabeled attachment
unlabeled text
unlabeled corpus
unlabeled documents
later
later stages
later stage
later work
later used
later sections
later experiments
format
format used
format using
format suitable
format ting
format allows
format conversion
referring
referring expressions
referring expression
referring expres
referring back
referring phrases
referring part
except
except perhaps
except english
except using
except possibly
except stop
except maybe
sections
sections describe
sections present
sections discuss
sections show
sections provide
sections contain
negation
negation cues
negation scope
negation detection
negation words
negation word
negation signal
transliteration
transliteration model
transliteration system
transliteration pairs
transliteration mining
transliteration shared
transliteration models
equal
equal number
equal weight
equal weights
equal size
equal probability
equal length
dictionaries
dictionaries using
dictionaries contain
dictionaries used
dictionaries including
dictionaries provide
dictionaries based
improvements
improvements could
improvements using
improvements achieved
improvements obtained
improvements compared
improvements across
variation
variation across
variation among
variation within
variation nucleus
variation patterns
variation using
mary
mary harper
mary ellen
mary land
mary university
mary john
mary likes
programming
programming language
programming languages
programming algorithm
programming approach
programming based
programming algorithms
specified
specified using
specified threshold
specified number
specified context
specified order
specified time
symbol
symbol pair
symbol grounding
symbol pairs
symbol indicates
symbol sequences
symbol systems
compound
compound nouns
compound noun
compound words
compound splitting
compound word
compound verbs
fields
fields probabilistic
fields crfs
fields prob
fields lafferty
fields like
fields feature
induction
induction algorithm
induction task
induction using
induction process
induction hypothesis
induction system
self
self training
self trained
self organizing
self contained
self reported
self learning
relationships
relationships among
relationships within
relationships using
relationships like
relationships observed
relationships exist
slightly
slightly better
slightly different
slightly higher
slightly lower
slightly worse
slightly modified
underlying
underlying form
underlying structure
underlying semantic
underlying forms
underlying assumption
underlying model
conll
conll pages
conll shared
conll data
conll format
conll dataset
conll task
distinct
distinct words
distinct word
distinct types
distinct senses
distinct classes
distinct entities
dynamic
dynamic programming
dynamic program
dynamic bayesian
dynamic oracle
dynamic model
dynamic time
matches
matches exactly
matches found
matches using
matches human
matches either
matches returned
writing
writing system
writing style
writing systems
writing styles
writing process
writing rules
corresponds
corresponds roughly
corresponds exactly
corresponds directly
corresponds well
corresponds closely
corresponds uniquely
expert
expert systems
expert system
expert annotations
expert knowledge
expert annotators
expert users
informa
informa tion
informa tive
informa orig
informa tional
informa tions
informa tionally
analyses
analyses produced
analyses based
analyses using
analyses provided
analyses show
analyses proposed
empty
empty string
empty categories
empty nodes
empty category
empty word
empty sequence
verbal
verbal predicates
verbal forms
verbal behavior
verbal phrases
verbal predicate
verbal learning
exactly
exactly match
exactly matches
exactly like
exactly matched
exactly three
exactly matching
combinations
combinations using
combinations involving
combinations among
combinations based
combinations including
combinations could
constructions
constructions like
constructions involving
constructions using
constructions used
constructions vpcs
constructions based
symbols
symbols used
symbols like
symbols respectively
symbols representing
symbols called
symbols including
infor
infor mation
infor orig
infor struct
infor division
infor ation
infor canadian
overlap
overlap ping
overlap score
overlap features
overlap metric
overlap baseline
overlap based
reduction
reduction techniques
reduction rate
reduction technique
reduction rules
reduction method
reduction rule
robert
robert dale
robert gaizauskas
robert moore
robert mercer
robert berwick
robert frank
advantage
advantage compared
advantage since
advantage gained
advantage advantage
advantage especially
advantage given
thesis
thesis university
thesis department
thesis stanford
thesis univer
thesis massachusetts
thesis school
randomly
randomly selected
randomly chosen
randomly sampled
randomly select
randomly generated
randomly split
phenomena
phenomena like
phenomena including
phenomena related
phenomena covered
phenomena observed
phenomena described
minimum
minimum error
minimum bayes
minimum number
minimum description
minimum risk
minimum cuts
align
align ment
align ments
align orig
align words
align sentences
align well
column
column shows
column gives
column indicates
column contains
column vector
column represents
hierarchy
hierarchy based
hierarchy using
hierarchy since
hierarchy used
hierarchy among
hierarchy contains
conceptual
conceptual structure
conceptual relations
conceptual structures
conceptual graphs
conceptual information
conceptual representation
feedback
feedback loop
feedback text
feedback messages
feedback based
feedback model
feedback generation
assign
assign ment
assign ments
assign different
assign probabilities
assign weights
assign scores
estimated
estimated using
estimated probability
estimated based
estimated probabilities
estimated parameters
estimated accuracy
tences
tences containing
tences using
tences based
tences like
tences extracted
tences without
traditional
traditional chinese
traditional approaches
traditional methods
traditional approach
traditional word
traditional linguistic
learner
learner corpus
learner corpora
learner english
learner language
learner data
learner text
james
james pustejovsky
james allen
james henderson
james allan
james martin
james clarke
percentage
percentage points
percentage agreement
percentage point
percentage correct
percentage accuracy
percentage improvement
classified
classified according
classified correctly
classified using
classified instances
classified based
classified data
canada
canada june
canada mexico
canada august
canada october
canada building
canada pages
generative
generative model
generative models
generative process
generative capacity
generative lexicon
generative grammar
hypotheses
hypotheses generated
hypotheses using
hypotheses produced
hypotheses based
hypotheses regarding
hypotheses alignment
earlier
earlier work
earlier version
earlier versions
earlier draft
earlier studies
earlier experiments
north
north american
north holland
north texas
north america
north korea
north west
discriminative
discriminative training
discriminative model
discriminative reranking
discriminative learning
discriminative models
discriminative word
seed
seed words
seed word
seed sets
seed lexicon
seed data
seed terms
series
series data
series edited
series pages
series model
series studies
series analysis
paraphrase
paraphrase generation
paraphrase detection
paraphrase pairs
paraphrase identification
paraphrase acquisition
paraphrase patterns
remaining
remaining words
remaining errors
remaining part
remaining sentences
remaining features
remaining three
behavior
behavior research
behavior abstracts
behavior design
behavior data
behavior across
behavior based
production
production rules
production rule
production system
production systems
production probabilities
production process
namely
namely whether
namely word
namely english
namely lexical
namely phrase
namely part
improving
improving word
improving statistical
improving translation
improving machine
improving performance
improving text
semantically
semantically related
semantically similar
semantically equivalent
semantically annotated
semantically coherent
semantically motivated
rest
rest costs
rest cost
rest method
rest first
rest rest
rest position
processes
processes involved
processes like
processes using
processes described
processes used
processes including
practice
practice however
practice pages
practice guidelines
practice since
practice using
practice even
layer
layer neural
layer perceptron
layer wise
layer size
layer consists
layer contains
struc
struc ture
struc tures
struc tured
struc tural
struc orig
struc turing
spelling
spelling correction
spelling errors
spelling error
spelling check
spelling variants
spelling mistakes
come
come back
come across
come close
come together
come first
come next
investigate
investigate whether
investigate different
investigate three
investigate methods
investigate ways
investigate several
tend
tend towards
tend toward
tend also
tend beyond
tend either
tend existing
contained
contained within
contained many
contained words
contained around
contained either
contained information
involved
involved languages
involved words
involved training
involved using
involved four
involved multiple
combine
combine different
combine multiple
combine several
combine information
combine word
combine features
smith
smith eric
smith david
smith chris
smith editors
smith noah
smith language
tests
tests show
tests using
tests whether
tests showed
tests based
tests performed
message
message understanding
message level
message passing
message polarity
message board
message types
suggests
suggests using
suggests directions
suggests ways
suggests possible
suggests several
suggests future
template
template based
template approach
template filling
template matching
template generation
template model
linked
linked data
linked open
linked together
linked chains
linked chain
linked words
starting
starting point
starting points
starting position
starting grant
starting state
starting node
incorrect
incorrect word
incorrect answers
incorrect parses
incorrect ones
incorrect predictions
incorrect words
editor
editor proceedings
editor graeme
editor wordnet
editor university
editor computational
editor natural
richard
richard zens
richard socher
richard schwartz
richard sproat
richard johansson
richard power
researchers
researchers working
researchers interested
researchers also
researchers work
researchers involved
researchers often
transla
transla tion
transla tions
transla orig
transla tors
transla tional
transla tionally
anaphora
anaphora resolution
anaphora resolu
anaphora comprehension
anaphora references
anaphora tree
anaphora ellipsis
heuristic
heuristic rules
heuristic search
heuristic based
heuristic function
heuristic rule
heuristic method
share
share similar
share many
share common
share clef
share information
share certain
computation
computation time
computation ally
computation linguistics
computation cost
computation pages
computation university
suggest
suggest ways
suggest using
suggest possible
suggest several
suggest directions
suggest however
klein
klein christopher
klein computer
klein university
klein geoffrey
klein manning
klein michael
tables
tables show
tables also
tables line
tables using
tables extracted
tables figures
material
material presented
material used
material implication
material available
material within
material consists
chunk
chunk based
chunk tags
chunk level
chunk type
chunk parser
chunk parsing
denote
denote different
denote sets
denote events
denote whether
denote word
denote nodes
modified
modified version
modified kneser
modified noun
modified nouns
modified versions
modified algorithm
edit
edit distance
edit rate
edit operations
edit distances
edit operation
edit sequence
google
google translate
google research
google search
google books
google news
google translator
lines
lines indicate
lines represent
lines show
lines denote
lines correspond
lines described
image
image annotation
image descriptions
image processing
image retrieval
image features
image based
rela
rela tions
rela tion
rela tive
rela tively
rela tional
rela orig
exist
exist several
exist many
exist among
exist within
exist even
exist independently
children
children nodes
children learn
children acquire
children learning
children must
children would
regression
regression model
regression models
regression classifier
regression based
regression analysis
regression testing
tation
tation scheme
tation schemes
tation process
tation guidelines
tation task
tation tool
deal
deal well
deal adequately
deal mainly
deal also
deal directly
deal effectively
direction
direction giving
direction would
direction left
direction german
direction using
direction selective
bigram
bigram model
bigram features
bigram language
bigram models
bigram statistics
bigram probabilities
power
power series
power supply
power relations
power plant
power laws
power scott
explicitly
explicitly stated
explicitly marked
explicitly mentioned
explicitly model
explicitly represented
explicitly represent
detail
detail later
detail elsewhere
detail including
detail section
detail information
detail required
challenge
challenge task
challenge workshop
challenge evaluation
challenge lies
challenge data
challenge dataset
criteria
criteria based
criteria used
criteria described
criteria defined
criteria proposed
criteria namely
sampling
sampling algorithm
sampling method
sampling methods
sampling strategy
sampling based
sampling process
none
none none
none orig
none class
none case
none table
none baseline
greater
greater detail
greater number
greater flexibility
greater extent
greater variety
greater degree
reduced
reduced relative
reduced space
reduced number
reduced model
reduced word
reduced feature
relevance
relevance feedback
relevance score
relevance judgments
relevance scores
relevance model
relevance judgements
coherence
coherence relations
coherence relation
coherence models
coherence model
coherence score
coherence based
become
become available
become increasingly
become clear
become less
become part
become popular
proach
proach based
proach using
proach would
proach described
proach outperforms
proach proposed
loss
loss function
loss functions
loss func
loss minimization
loss augmented
loss based
expect
expect given
expect better
expect even
expect higher
expect high
expect many
operations
operations research
operations required
operations used
operations performed
operations needed
operations substitution
handle
handle large
handle cases
handle multiple
handle unknown
handle complex
handle long
generic
generic patterns
generic model
generic noun
generic text
generic semantic
generic framework
bottom
bottom right
bottom left
bottom line
bottom part
bottom half
bottom feature
recently
recently proposed
recently developed
recently introduced
recently become
recently several
recently released
templates
templates used
templates based
templates using
templates extracted
templates described
templates like
notion
notion head
notion obligatory
notion since
notion allows
notion borrowed
notion however
majority
majority class
majority vote
majority voting
majority baseline
majority label
majority sense
effort
effort required
effort involved
effort needed
effort would
effort towards
effort described
avoid
avoid overfitting
avoid confusion
avoid using
avoid generating
avoid data
avoid redundancy
engine
engine queries
engine machine
engine query
engine based
engine results
engine toolkit
performing
performing system
performing systems
performing model
performing feature
performing method
performing models
tics
tics pages
tics human
tics coling
tics speech
tics volume
tics long
lingual
lingual information
lingual word
lingual textual
lingual lexical
lingual dependency
lingual sentiment
emotion
emotion classification
emotion words
emotion lexicon
emotion detection
emotion recognition
emotion analysis
importance
importance score
importance scores
importance weights
importance sampling
importance weight
importance level
cover
cover different
cover problem
cover many
cover text
cover various
cover several
considering
considering word
considering different
considering whether
considering context
considering various
considering also
typical
typical example
typical examples
typical case
typical errors
typical word
typical cases
cues
cues used
cues like
cues using
cues present
cues could
cues include
usage
usage based
usage examples
usage patterns
usage frequency
usage data
usage errors
toolkit
toolkit stolcke
toolkit koehn
toolkit hall
toolkit witten
toolkit http
toolkit provides
settings
settings used
settings using
settings including
settings described
settings except
settings based
denotes
denotes whether
denotes either
denotes significance
denotes number
denotes statistical
denotes different
focused
focused summarization
focused multi
focused mainly
focused primarily
focused entailment
focused sample
year
year period
year orig
year month
year project
year regardless
year since
paths
paths connecting
paths graph
paths leading
paths using
paths generation
paths containing
implicit
implicit discourse
implicit arguments
implicit relations
implicit argument
implicit relation
implicit information
explore
explore whether
explore different
explore ways
explore several
explore various
explore methods
theoretical
theoretical computer
theoretical linguistics
theoretical framework
theoretical issues
theoretical analysis
theoretical background
file
file containing
file format
file system
file formats
file contains
file name
beyond
beyond simple
beyond sentence
beyond word
beyond shallow
beyond pages
beyond words
optimization
optimization problem
optimization algorithm
optimization method
optimization procedure
optimization methods
optimization techniques
chris
chris callison
chris dyer
chris quirk
chris mellish
chris brew
chris manning
unification
unification based
unification grammar
unification grammars
unification algorithm
unification gram
unification operation
million
million words
million word
million tokens
million sentences
million tweets
million english
ieee
ieee transactions
ieee international
ieee trans
ieee computer
ieee workshop
ieee conference
punctuation
punctuation marks
punctuation mark
punctuation symbols
punctuation prediction
punctuation tokens
punctuation errors
meanings
meanings within
meanings across
meanings using
meanings associated
meanings depending
meanings according
paraphrases
paraphrases extracted
paraphrases using
paraphrases generated
paraphrases based
paraphrases produced
paraphrases acquired
biomedical
biomedical text
biomedical domain
biomedical texts
biomedical literature
biomedical informatics
biomedical natural
identical
identical words
identical except
identical word
identical results
identical sentences
identical strings
working
working notes
working memory
working papers
working group
working paper
working hypothesis
improves
improves performance
improves translation
improves upon
improves accuracy
improves results
improves precision
frequently
frequently used
frequently occurring
frequently occur
frequently asked
frequently appear
frequently observed
gender
gender number
gender information
gender agreement
gender masculine
gender specific
gender classification
slot
slot filling
slot value
slot fillers
slot values
slot grammar
slot filler
upper
upper bound
upper case
upper bounds
upper model
upper limit
upper level
leads
leads naturally
leads directly
leads immediately
leads toward
leads annotators
leads back
lack
lack sufficient
lack semantic
lack explicit
lack information
lack linguistic
lack proper
peter
peter turney
peter clark
peter lang
peter young
peter brown
peter white
carried
carried along
carried forward
carried across
carried away
carried inside
carried caused
outputs
outputs using
outputs produced
outputs generated
outputs based
outputs would
outputs given
media
media text
media data
media analysis
media pages
media texts
media content
nominal
nominal predicates
nominal phrases
nominal compounds
nominal phrase
nominal scales
nominal scale
reasons
reasons first
reasons behind
reasons given
reasons discussed
reasons including
reasons mentioned
chain
chain monte
chain rule
chain crfs
chain conditional
chain based
chain model
check
check whether
check local
check system
check questions
check membership
check task
parsed
parsed corpus
parsed sentences
parsed using
parsed corpora
parsed data
parsed text
management
management pages
management system
management cikm
management systems
management information
management using
session
session pages
session chair
session prague
session length
session paper
session session
acts
acts like
acts using
acts based
acts pages
acts performed
acts used
operation
operation sequence
operation called
operation takes
operation used
operation defined
operation costs
internal
internal structure
internal nodes
internal node
internal representation
internal representations
internal structures
noise
noise level
noise introduced
noise model
noise reduction
noise contrastive
noise free
express
express different
express doubt
express opinions
express relations
express semantic
express emotions
background
background knowledge
background information
background corpus
background model
background noise
background knowl
produces
produces better
produces results
produces many
produces output
produces high
produces robust
intended
intended referent
intended meaning
intended message
intended sense
intended word
intended interpretation
oriented
oriented dialogue
oriented parsing
oriented dialogues
oriented approach
oriented evaluation
oriented towards
understand
understand language
understand natural
understand able
understand better
understand whether
understand english
huang
huang andrew
huang richard
huang kevin
huang liang
huang jeffrey
huang daniel
particularly
particularly useful
particularly important
particularly interesting
particularly well
particularly relevant
particularly interested
missing
missing words
missing information
missing data
missing word
missing values
missing verb
filter
filter based
filter model
filter language
filter rules
filter threshold
filter module
filtering
filtering method
filtering process
filtering step
filtering methods
filtering techniques
filtering based
manner
manner similar
manner using
manner described
manner analogous
manner adverb
manner relations
indeed
indeed many
indeed possible
indeed improve
indeed even
indeed much
indeed provide
terminal
terminal symbols
terminal nodes
terminal symbol
terminal node
terminal string
terminal labels
goals
goals plans
goals relate
goals rather
goals method
goals include
goals related
gain
gain ratio
gain insight
gain insights
gain based
gain function
gain access
city
city university
city june
city mexico
city names
city state
city centre
preference
preference semantics
preference model
preference rules
preference models
preference order
preference strength
hybrid
hybrid approach
hybrid system
hybrid model
hybrid method
hybrid approaches
hybrid machine
modifier
modifier head
modifier noun
modifier pairs
modifier attachment
modifier relations
modifier relation
august
august pages
august delivery
august september
august system
august aaai
august december
positions
positions within
positions relative
positions respectively
positions left
positions across
positions figure
achieves
achieves better
achieves state
achieves higher
achieves high
achieves good
achieves comparable
community
community question
community detection
community based
community structure
community wide
community members
comments
comments made
comments written
comments given
comments based
comments posted
comments provided
extension
extension would
extension algorithm
extension method
extension model
extension order
extension allows
providing
providing information
providing feedback
providing access
providing additional
providing evidence
providing useful
environment
environment using
environment domain
environment based
environment model
environment state
environment allows
suffix
suffix array
suffix tree
suffix trees
suffix list
suffix analysis
suffix information
lexicons
lexicons using
lexicons used
lexicons like
lexicons based
lexicons contain
lexicons containing
restricted
restricted domains
restricted domain
restricted form
restricted version
restricted vocabulary
restricted class
parent
parent node
parent child
parent nodes
parent category
parent annotation
parent word
johnson
johnson mark
johnson brown
johnson thomas
johnson joel
johnson stuart
johnson parser
antecedent
antecedent candidates
antecedent candidate
antecedent identification
antecedent selection
antecedent information
antecedent pairs
history
history based
history features
history list
history length
history representations
history information
notation
notation used
notation scheme
notation guidelines
notation process
notation schemes
notation task
stem
stem ming
stem suffix
stem cells
stem form
stem final
stem size
samples
samples used
samples selected
samples figure
samples generated
samples using
samples based
fast
fast exact
fast algorithm
fast align
fast decoding
fast training
fast enough
organization
organization names
organization name
organization location
organization person
organization types
organization tweets
reports
reports results
reports using
reports experiments
reports written
reports accuracy
reports experimental
ever
ever since
ever increasing
ever growing
ever used
ever even
ever many
primary
primary data
primary goal
primary stress
primary source
primary school
primary focus
bank
bank transfer
bank marcus
bank account
bank grammars
bank data
bank corpus
automated
automated essay
automated scoring
automated text
automated speech
automated system
automated evaluation
attachment
attachment score
attachment ambiguity
attachment scores
attachment site
attachment ambiguities
attachment accuracy
transformation
transformation based
transformation rules
transformation rule
transformation model
transformation matrix
transformation learning
tuning
tuning data
tuning sets
tuning process
tuning parameters
tuning methods
tuning strategies
composition
composition rules
composition function
composition functions
composition operation
composition operations
composition models
responses
responses generated
responses based
responses using
responses given
responses provided
responses contain
early
early work
early stage
early stages
early update
early stopping
early modern
move
move ment
move ments
move towards
move away
move beyond
move forward
computa
computa tional
computa tion
computa tionally
computa tions
computa orig
algo
algo rithm
algo rithms
algo orig
algo wordnet
algo clicks
algo fraction
chart
chart parsing
chart parser
chart based
chart cells
chart items
chart cell
exam
exam ples
exam orig
exam scripts
exam questions
exam scores
exam question
normal
normal form
normal ized
normal ization
normal distribution
normal university
normal forms
said
said earlier
said next
said something
said options
said nothing
said thursday
attention
attention intentions
attention recently
attention intention
attention within
attention based
attention paid
bayesian
bayesian model
bayesian inference
bayesian networks
bayesian network
bayesian approach
bayesian models
yield
yield better
yield good
yield significant
yield higher
yield different
yield high
valid
valid word
valid parse
valid words
valid prefix
valid terms
valid derivation
depends
depends upon
depends heavily
depends crucially
depends directly
depends strongly
depends mainly
mainly
mainly used
mainly focused
mainly based
mainly focus
mainly interested
mainly concerned
becomes
becomes available
becomes clear
becomes possible
becomes less
becomes even
becomes increasingly
linguis
linguis tics
linguis tically
linguis orig
frequencies
frequencies across
frequencies obtained
frequencies within
frequencies using
frequencies based
frequencies could
stack
stack based
stack size
stack symbols
stack symbol
stack elements
stack decoding
removed
removed since
removed text
removed without
removed words
removed sentences
removed stop
upon
upon work
upon request
upon previous
upon completion
upon inspection
upon existing
yields
yields better
yields good
yields significant
yields higher
yields results
yields significantly
connected
connected components
connected component
connected graph
connected subgraph
connected nodes
connected speech
principle
principle based
principle also
principle behind
principle states
principle component
principle given
noisy
noisy channel
noisy data
noisy text
noisy training
noisy parallel
noisy input
decisions
decisions made
decisions based
decisions taken
decisions regarding
decisions concerning
decisions must
variants
variants using
variants including
variants within
variants based
variants generated
variants used
attempt
attempt towards
attempt made
attempt would
attempt using
attempt automatic
attempt event
null
null hypothesis
null word
null null
null elements
null instantiations
null orig
employed
employed three
employed including
employed features
employed instead
employed lexical
employed support
martin
martin chodorow
martin james
martin george
martin porter
martin university
martin franz
expansion
expansion using
expansion terms
expansion method
expansion techniques
expansion approach
expansion based
increases
increases performance
increases significantly
increases exponentially
increases precision
increases recall
increases accuracy
seem
seem like
seem surprising
seem quite
seem reasonable
seem likely
seem promising
distributed
distributed representations
distributed word
distributed across
distributed language
distributed representa
distributed representation
speed
speed improvements
speed accuracy
speed noun
speed improvement
speed dates
speed performance
distinguish
distinguish three
distinguish different
distinguish among
distinguish whether
distinguish words
distinguish four
measured
measured using
measured based
measured inter
measured performance
measured precision
measured according
japan
japan july
japan abstract
japan electronic
japan advanced
japan october
japan pages
minimal
minimal recursion
minimal number
minimal rules
minimal supervision
minimal units
minimal optimization
affect
affect states
affect state
affect performance
affect analysis
affect detection
affect lexicon
runs
runs submitted
runs using
runs faster
runs based
runs fast
runs used
street
street journal
street cambridge
street stroudsburg
street madison
street suite
street jour
formula
formula tion
formula tions
formula based
formula used
formula given
formula represents
presence
presence absence
presence bits
presence feature
presence features
presence effects
presence approach
ical
ical methods
ical features
ical analysis
ical information
ical form
ical relations
detect
detect hedges
detect errors
detect whether
detect sentiment
detect semantic
detect inconsistencies
dialogues
dialogues collected
dialogues using
dialogues capturing
dialogues without
dialogues contain
dialogues figure
light
light verb
light verbs
light weight
light joachims
light stemming
light feedback
shallow
shallow parsing
shallow semantic
shallow parser
shallow syntactic
shallow processing
shallow linguistic
occurring
occurring words
occurring within
occurring text
occurring word
occurring data
occurring less
prepositions
prepositions conjunctions
prepositions pages
prepositions like
prepositions pronouns
prepositions used
prepositions determiners
visual
visual features
visual information
visual context
visual scenes
visual words
visual scene
return
return true
return false
return value
return results
return values
return fail
asked
asked questions
asked whether
asked three
asked human
asked subjects
asked participants
extend
extend beyond
extend existing
extend previous
extend parsing
extend framenet
extend current
substitution
substitution task
substitution grammars
substitution grammar
substitution node
substitution nodes
substitution rules
school
school students
school university
school children
school level
school grade
school today
sometimes
sometimes called
sometimes even
sometimes used
sometimes referred
sometimes also
sometimes difficult
letter
letter based
letter sequence
letter sequences
letter substitution
letter size
letter phoneme
update
update rule
update rules
update summarization
update summaries
update function
update procedure
formalism
formalism used
formalism allows
formalism called
formalism based
formalism independent
formalism described
integrated
integrated approach
integrated system
integrated language
integrated model
integrated processing
integrated information
seman
seman tics
seman tically
seman orig
seman definitions
seman predicates
seman tification
incremental
incremental parsing
incremental processing
incremental algorithm
incremental parser
incremental speech
incremental interpretation
selecting
selecting sentences
selecting features
selecting appropriate
selecting among
selecting words
selecting relevant
consisting
consisting entirely
consisting solely
consisting mainly
consisting primarily
consisting mostly
consisting first
reasoning
reasoning process
reasoning system
reasoning processes
reasoning behind
reasoning capabilities
reasoning based
stop
stop words
stop word
stop list
stop ping
stop lists
stop stop
members
members reviewed
members listed
members order
members surface
members whose
members without
decoder
decoder koehn
decoder alignment
decoder uses
decoder output
decoder using
decoder based
springer
springer verlag
springer berlin
springer dordrecht
springer heidelberg
springer lecture
springer netherlands
normalized
normalized frequency
normalized form
normalized version
normalized edit
normalized value
normalized word
acknowledgments
acknowledgments thanks
acknowledgments many
acknowledgments part
acknowledgments work
acknowledgments special
acknowledgments research
predictions
predictions made
predictions based
predictions using
predictions across
predictions could
predictions according
mechanism
mechanism used
mechanism based
mechanism described
mechanism allows
mechanism could
mechanism would
divided
divided according
divided among
divided equally
divided evenly
divided randomly
divided entity
methodology
methodology used
methodology described
methodology proposed
methodology based
methodology followed
methodology consists
refers
refers back
refers directly
refers noun
refers specifically
refers generally
refers successfully
mantic
mantic role
mantic roles
mantic relations
mantic information
mantic similarity
mantic analysis
iteration
iteration number
iteration figure
iteration step
iteration iteration
iteration consists
iteration time
success
success rate
success fully
success rates
success story
success failure
success measure
partially
partially supported
partially funded
partially ordered
partially correct
partially observable
partially bracketed
planning
planning process
planning english
planning system
planning text
planning problem
planning component
pruning
pruning algorithm
pruning threshold
pruning method
pruning strategy
pruning methods
pruning techniques
characteristics
characteristics make
characteristics like
characteristics associated
characteristics across
characteristics described
characteristics corpus
looking
looking center
looking centers
looking forward
looking back
looking ahead
looking function
pass
pass sieve
pass decoding
pass approach
pass parsing
pass model
pass system
creating
creating speech
creating training
creating large
creating language
creating annotated
creating semantic
outperforms
outperforms state
outperforms previous
outperforms existing
outperforms several
outperforms baseline
outperforms word
paul
paul kingsbury
paul cook
paul hoffmann
paul thompson
paul martin
paul taylor
smoothing
smoothing techniques
smoothing method
smoothing methods
smoothing technique
smoothing chen
smoothing parameter
sults
sults show
sults obtained
sults using
sults suggest
sults indicate
sults showed
clark
clark chris
clark stephen
clark university
clark mark
clark system
clark james
synsets
synsets containing
synsets using
synsets corresponding
synsets associated
synsets linked
synsets belonging
sufficient
sufficient information
sufficient statistics
sufficient number
sufficient data
sufficient training
sufficient condition
facts
facts extracted
facts using
facts like
facts step
facts suggest
facts regarding
purposes
purposes since
purposes including
purposes however
purposes even
purposes like
purposes table
listed
listed first
listed separately
listed common
listed elsewhere
listed earlier
listed features
contribution
contribution lies
contribution towards
contribution consists
contribution made
contribution tracking
contribution even
conversation
conversation analysis
conversation data
conversation structure
conversation acts
conversation side
conversation sides
evaluations
evaluations pages
evaluations recent
evaluations show
evaluations semeval
evaluations using
evaluations based
auto
auto matic
auto matically
auto mated
auto parsed
auto orig
auto auto
assignment
assignment problem
assignment rules
assignment function
assignment algorithm
assignment task
assignment process
observe
observe similar
observe improvements
observe significant
observe however
observe whether
observe consistent
fragments
fragments grammar
fragments using
fragments extracted
fragments rooted
fragments containing
fragments rather
perspective
perspective question
perspective pages
perspective model
perspective point
perspective taking
perspective classification
depending
depending upon
depending whether
depending mainly
depending merely
depending mostly
depending primarily
calculate
calculate number
calculate precision
calculate similarity
calculate inter
calculate scores
calculate word
predicting
predicting whether
predicting semantic
predicting human
predicting text
predicting user
predicting reading
personal
personal pronouns
personal name
personal names
personal pronoun
personal communication
personal data
involves
involves three
involves finding
involves identifying
involves using
involves several
involves many
france
france april
france july
france september
france august
france october
france germany
alone
alone cannot
alone without
alone would
alone achieves
alone could
alone might
great
great deal
great number
great potential
great interest
great importance
great many
noted
noted earlier
noted however
noted previously
noted otherwise
noted though
noted publications
tech
tech niques
tech nique
tech nology
tech nologies
tech orig
tech report
unlike
unlike previous
unlike english
unlike many
unlike traditional
unlike existing
unlike standard
ation
ation measures
ation metrics
ation using
ation process
ation system
ation results
beginning
beginning middle
beginning inside
beginning word
beginning stages
beginning position
beginning ending
suitable
suitable training
suitable data
suitable candidate
suitable feature
suitable level
suitable representation
repre
repre sentation
repre sented
repre sentations
repre sent
repre sents
repre senting
phrasal
phrasal verbs
phrasal translation
phrasal verb
phrasal lexicon
phrasal categories
phrasal cohesion
play
play role
play different
play important
play back
play roles
play coreference
notes
notes number
notes series
notes aaai
notes clef
notes labs
notes using
service
service grid
service oriented
service manager
service princeton
service provided
service ontology
normalization
normalization factor
normalization constant
normalization task
normalization system
normalization process
normalization using
fragment
fragment pairs
fragment extraction
fragment space
fragment types
fragment level
fragment grammar
grant
grant number
grant agreement
grant agency
grant agree
grant numbers
grant agreements
forward
forward backward
forward looking
forward neural
forward application
forward algorithm
forward composition
lattice
lattice based
lattice parsing
lattice decoding
lattice construction
lattice structure
lattice rescoring
rely
rely heavily
rely upon
rely solely
rely entirely
rely exclusively
rely primarily
treated
treated differently
treated separately
treated like
treated equally
treated similarly
treated independently
outside
outside algorithm
outside probability
outside probabilities
outside scores
outside score
outside world
indicating
indicating whether
indicating verbs
indicating high
indicating phrases
indicating presence
indicating good
never
never seen
never ending
never used
never occur
never appear
never observed
conducted
conducted experiments
conducted using
conducted three
conducted several
conducted another
conducted based
modules
modules described
modules based
modules within
modules like
modules developed
modules including
christopher
christopher manning
christopher dyer
christopher kennedy
christopher johnson
christopher collins
christopher brew
naive
naive bayes
naive bayesian
naive approach
naive baseline
naive algorithm
naive users
allowed
allowed users
allowed actions
allowed annotators
allowed participants
allowed within
allowed combinations
encoding
encoding scheme
encoding initiative
encoding standard
encoding information
encoding schemes
encoding syntactic
messages
messages using
messages sent
messages containing
messages without
messages posted
messages written
china
china july
china august
china grant
china october
china normal
china beijing
difficulty
difficulty level
difficulty prediction
difficulty levels
difficulty lies
difficulty arises
difficulty stems
prague
prague czech
prague dependency
prague june
prague bulletin
prague faculty
prague arabic
heuristics
heuristics based
heuristics used
heuristics described
heuristics using
heuristics could
heuristics applied
andrew
andrew mccallum
andrew carlson
andrew wilson
andrew schwartz
andrew daniel
andrew smith
germany
germany august
germany abstract
germany program
germany http
germany september
germany pages
story
story understanding
story generation
story segmentation
story detection
story boundary
story elements
widely
widely used
widely accepted
widely adopted
widely available
widely studied
widely applied
sciences
sciences institute
sciences university
sciences research
sciences department
sciences beijing
sciences harvard
motivated
motivated features
motivated rules
motivated constraints
motivated large
motivated approach
motivated perspective
preliminary
preliminary experiments
preliminary results
preliminary study
preliminary investigation
preliminary evaluation
preliminary experiment
eval
eval uation
eval uated
eval uate
eval orig
eval data
eval subj
running
running time
running text
running words
running example
running times
running giza
exists
exists within
exists another
exists among
exists even
exists exactly
exists otherwise
para
para phrases
para phrase
para phrasing
para graph
para graphs
para orig
half
half context
half million
half hour
half space
half century
half plane
inside
inside outside
inside probability
inside probabilities
inside score
inside algorithm
inside front
voice
voice search
voice quality
voice active
voice input
voice recognition
voice commands
demonstrate
demonstrate significant
demonstrate state
demonstrate empirically
demonstrate improvements
demonstrate several
demonstrate substantial
protein
protein protein
protein names
protein interactions
protein name
protein interaction
protein pairs
scientific
scientific articles
scientific research
scientific papers
scientific literature
scientific text
scientific texts
figures
figures show
figures reported
figures indicate
figures obtained
figures given
figures suggest
lexicalized
lexicalized tree
lexicalized reordering
lexicalized grammars
lexicalized grammar
lexicalized models
lexicalized model
determining
determining whether
determining support
determining verb
determining semantic
determining word
determining similarity
extent
extent possible
extent also
extent language
extent indicated
extent different
extent tags
bigrams
bigrams trigrams
bigrams using
bigrams word
bigrams simple
bigrams whose
bigrams ranked
sparse
sparse data
sparse features
sparse ness
sparse feature
sparse matrix
sparse vector
trigger
trigger words
trigger word
trigger pairs
trigger detection
trigger model
trigger based
files
files containing
files using
files contain
files used
files without
files created
observation
observation sequence
observation model
observation suggests
observation probability
observation probabilities
observation sequences
sensitive
sensitive spelling
sensitive grammar
sensitive languages
sensitive pagerank
sensitive learning
sensitive bleu
beam
beam search
beam size
beam width
beam sizes
beam thresholding
beam pruning
relational
relational database
relational similarity
relational learning
relational data
relational nouns
relational features
anno
anno tated
anno tation
anno tations
anno orig
anno manual
anno dataset
increasing
increasing number
increasing interest
increasing amount
increasing order
increasing amounts
increasing complexity
classify
classify sentences
classify text
classify verbs
classify documents
classify words
classify whether
clinical
clinical text
clinical notes
clinical data
clinical texts
clinical domain
clinical reports
tems
tems using
tems pages
tems performance
tems based
tems trained
tems used
markers
markers like
markers used
markers modeling
markers also
markers pages
markers across
near
near synonyms
near future
near synonym
near misses
near synonymy
near optimal
composed
composed rules
composed vector
composed rule
composed vectors
composed using
composed representations
auxiliary
auxiliary tree
auxiliary verb
auxiliary trees
auxiliary verbs
auxiliary problems
auxiliary words
agree
agree ment
agree ments
agree disagree
agree orig
agree upon
agree among
iterations
iterations figure
iterations using
iterations iterations
iterations required
iterations needed
iterations orig
wrong
wrong word
wrong answer
wrong translation
wrong translations
wrong answers
wrong choice
hindi
hindi english
hindi urdu
hindi word
hindi dependency
hindi wordnet
hindi treebank
mutual
mutual information
mutual informa
mutual infor
mutual beliefs
mutual belief
mutual knowledge
nist
nist scores
nist score
nist bleu
nist special
nist task
nist doddington
stochastic
stochastic gradient
stochastic inversion
stochastic context
stochastic finite
stochastic model
stochastic parts
ferent
ferent types
ferent languages
ferent ways
ferent domains
ferent levels
ferent kinds
definite
definite descriptions
definite noun
definite clause
definite article
definite description
definite anaphora
comes
comes close
comes along
comes first
comes closest
comes closer
comes back
influence
influence rule
influence parsing
influence word
influence diagram
influence choices
influence performance
think
think like
think thats
think would
think believe
think john
think person
treatment
treatment pages
treatment volume
treatment sapporo
treatment within
treatment given
treatment options
distinction
distinction among
distinction made
distinction could
distinction since
distinction must
distinction based
versions
versions using
versions including
versions reduced
versions available
versions also
versions based
italian
italian english
italian language
italian spanish
italian restaurant
italian corpus
italian french
perfor
perfor mance
perfor orig
perfor ming
perfor original
linking
linking task
linking events
linking system
linking biological
linking algorithm
linking text
charniak
charniak parser
charniak eugene
charniak johnson
charniak brown
charniak mark
charniak charniak
generates
generates sentences
generates summaries
generates exactly
generates many
generates words
generates word
subjective
subjective expressions
subjective sentences
subjective language
subjective evaluation
subjective elements
subjective element
shift
shift reduce
shift action
shift actions
shift transitions
shift towards
shift transition
bias
bias towards
bias toward
bias term
bias problem
bias introduced
bias vector
conjunction
conjunction reduction
conjunction features
conjunction disjunction
conjunction preposition
conjunction relation
conjunction word
track
track using
track evaluation
track report
track overview
track system
track results
external
external resources
external knowledge
external sources
external data
external argument
external information
bayes
bayes classifier
bayes risk
bayes rule
bayes model
bayes classifiers
bayes theorem
chine
chine translation
chine learning
chine transliteration
chine translations
chine reading
chine learner
plus
plus sign
plus paraphrase
plus additional
plus grand
plus project
plus snover
interactive
interactive poster
interactive systems
interactive question
interactive machine
interactive system
interactive dialogue
projects
projects agency
projects activity
projects srilm
projects like
projects mstparser
projects including
signal
signal processing
signal process
signal analysis
signal words
signal proc
signal detection
interested
interested reader
interested readers
interested researchers
interested whether
interested people
interested specifically
meta
meta data
meta evaluation
meta classifier
meta rules
meta information
meta level
proof
proof nets
proof tree
proof sketch
proof trees
proof procedure
proof theory
constant
constant time
constant factor
constant across
constant value
constant number
constant growth
employ
employ different
employ three
employ several
employ various
employ machine
employ syntactic
compositional
compositional semantics
compositional distributional
compositional phrases
compositional models
compositional approach
compositional compounds
keep
keep track
keep going
keep length
keep things
keep order
keep adding
helpful
helpful comments
helpful discussions
helpful suggestions
helpful feedback
helpful discussion
helpful advice
synonyms
synonyms antonyms
synonyms hypernyms
synonyms hyponyms
synonyms among
synonyms using
synonyms extracted
abstracts
abstracts away
abstracts linguistic
abstracts subcorpus
abstracts international
abstracts using
abstracts computing
edinburgh
edinburgh scotland
edinburgh university
edinburgh edinburgh
edinburgh united
edinburgh system
edinburgh stanford
gene
gene expression
gene names
gene protein
gene ontology
gene name
gene mention
nivre
nivre johan
nivre joakim
nivre sebastian
nivre uppsala
nivre jens
nivre adam
cosine
cosine similarity
cosine distance
cosine measure
cosine similar
cosine similarities
cosine simi
statistically
statistically significant
statistically significantly
statistically signifi
statistically based
statistically signif
statistically driven
benefit
benefit many
benefit greatly
benefit analysis
benefit significantly
benefit applications
benefit much
sent
sent orig
sent pred
sent sent
sent back
sent hybrid
sent word
spatial
spatial relations
spatial relation
spatial information
spatial prepositions
spatial language
spatial cognition
preferences
preferences among
preferences based
preferences using
preferences acquired
preferences expressed
preferences rather
reliable
reliable results
reliable information
reliable optimization
reliable estimates
reliable enough
reliable indicator
closed
closed class
closed track
closed form
closed world
closed test
closed captions
held
held constant
held back
held talks
held fixed
held devices
held view
mostly
mostly used
mostly based
mostly focused
mostly native
mostly concerned
mostly related
mance
mance using
mance improvement
mance improvements
mance metrics
mance across
mance compared
assumed
assumed knowledge
assumed known
assumed perfect
assumed equal
assumed input
assumed among
yang
yang wang
yang jian
yang song
yang feng
yang ming
yang zhang
directions
directions pages
directions using
directions philadelphia
directions include
directions corpus
directions english
setup
setup used
setup data
setup datasets
setup described
setup using
setup section
dutch
dutch english
dutch corpus
dutch german
dutch wikipedia
dutch language
dutch word
closely
closely related
closely resembles
closely tied
closely associated
closely linked
closely connected
translate
translate sentences
translate english
translate words
translate phrases
translate source
translate chinese
intelligent
intelligent text
intelligent systems
intelligent tutoring
intelligent information
intelligent user
intelligent scalable
prefix
prefix tree
prefix suffix
prefix probabilities
prefix stem
prefix property
prefix probability
something
something like
something else
something similar
something different
something wrong
something negative
complement
complement clause
complement clauses
complement taking
complement adjunct
complement coercion
complement phrase
allowing
allowing users
allowing multiple
allowing arbitrary
allowing students
allowing different
allowing words
scenario
scenario based
scenario template
scenario specific
scenario using
scenario data
scenario described
solve
solve problems
solve many
solve algebra
solve word
solve real
solve time
judgments
judgments using
judgments collected
judgments based
judgments made
judgments obtained
judgments provided
challenges
challenges workshop
challenges session
challenges faced
challenges posed
challenges involved
challenges associated
developing
developing methods
developing automatic
developing language
developing general
developing systems
developing tools
necessarily
necessarily reflect
necessarily mean
necessarily represent
necessarily representing
necessarily correspond
necessarily imply
sign
sign language
sign test
sign languages
sign indicates
sign based
sign pairs
rhetorical
rhetorical structure
rhetorical relations
rhetorical relation
rhetorical parsing
rhetorical status
rhetorical structures
adapted
adapted interaction
adapted system
adapted lesk
adapted version
adapted models
adapted model
keywords
keywords used
keywords extracted
keywords based
keywords related
keywords like
keywords associated
baselines
baselines using
baselines including
baselines based
baselines random
baselines evaluations
baselines include
palmer
palmer daniel
palmer university
palmer lance
palmer martha
palmer gildea
palmer ralph
forest
forest based
forest reranking
forest rescoring
forest models
forest classifier
forest representation
library
library association
library science
library university
library information
library sydney
library provides
processed
processed using
processed text
processed data
processed translation
processed separately
processed corpus
reflect
reflect different
reflect human
reflect semantic
reflect differences
reflect real
reflect linguistic
agents
agents beliefs
agents pages
agents knowledge
agents involved
agents goals
agents using
unigram
unigram model
unigram features
unigram bigram
unigram language
unigram probability
unigram baseline
framenet
framenet project
framenet baker
framenet frames
framenet data
framenet frame
framenet database
pereira
pereira fernando
pereira jane
pereira mark
pereira warren
pereira categorial
pereira google
html
html tags
html documents
html pages
html document
html files
html page
suggested
suggested upper
suggested using
suggested word
suggested correction
suggested corrections
suggested earlier
specification
specification language
specification tree
specification given
specification assessment
specification defaults
specification languages
generator
generator based
generator must
generator produces
generator module
generator uses
generator using
derivations
derivations using
derivations leading
derivations like
derivations must
derivations problem
derivations based
moses
moses open
moses koehn
moses toolkit
moses decoder
moses system
moses phrase
preceding
preceding word
preceding sentence
preceding words
preceding section
preceding context
preceding discourse
letters
letters represent
letters digits
letters long
letters denote
letters corpus
letters indicate
significance
significance tests
significance level
significance test
significance testing
significance levels
significance score
status
status report
status post
status nucleus
status information
status updates
status distinctions
ference
ference pages
ference rules
ference short
ference algorithm
ference chair
ference model
possibly
possibly empty
possibly infinite
possibly also
possibly different
possibly using
possibly including
worse
worse results
worse performance
worse still
worse result
worse precision
worse translations
discovery
discovery procedure
discovery procedures
discovery using
discovery based
discovery process
discovery task
successful
successful application
successful approaches
successful parse
successful approach
successful systems
successful applications
organized
organized around
organized according
organized hierarchically
organized language
organized within
organized along
reader
reader assigned
reader might
reader must
reader emotion
reader model
reader writer
creation
creation time
creation process
creation date
creation sense
creation model
creation tool
despite
despite using
despite recent
despite differences
despite considerable
despite many
despite significant
dimensions
dimensions along
dimensions using
dimensions correspond
dimensions used
dimensions figure
dimensions corresponding
embeddings
embeddings using
embeddings trained
embeddings learned
embeddings mikolov
embeddings based
embeddings efficiently
knight
knight daniel
knight kevin
knight philipp
knight information
knight university
knight experiments
detecting
detecting errors
detecting semantic
detecting hedges
detecting emotions
detecting grammatical
detecting irony
synset
synset pairs
synset level
synset based
synset words
synset containing
synset members
conversion
conversion rules
conversion process
conversion system
conversion algorithm
conversion tool
conversion using
clas
clas sification
clas sifier
clas sifiers
clas orig
clas distribution
clas relations
depth
depth first
depth analysis
depth bounded
depth study
depth understanding
depth description
prosodic
prosodic features
prosodic information
prosodic cues
prosodic phrase
prosodic structure
prosodic phrasing
ordered
ordered list
ordered according
ordered sequence
ordered pairs
ordered pair
ordered tree
reasonable
reasonable performance
reasonable amount
reasonable results
reasonable time
reasonable accuracy
reasonable number
efficiency
efficiency reasons
efficiency gains
efficiency issues
efficiency considerations
efficiency gain
efficiency since
ties
ties ignored
ties among
ties together
ties using
ties like
ties workshop
patient
patient records
patient information
patient data
patient care
patient status
patient record
analyzed
analyzed using
analyzed data
analyzed corpus
analyzed sentences
analyzed sentence
analyzed words
society
society pages
society series
society conference
society press
society technologies
society chicago
directed
directed graph
directed acyclic
directed speech
directed graphs
directed edges
directed edge
mcdonald
mcdonald fernando
mcdonald ryan
mcdonald david
mcdonald joakim
mcdonald slav
mcdonald google
weighting
weighting scheme
weighting schemes
weighting function
weighting method
weighting factor
weighting methods
interactions
interactions among
interactions using
interactions based
interactions involving
interactions within
interactions required
marker
marker passing
marker words
marker lexicon
marker based
marker classes
marker choice
indicated
indicated using
indicated unclear
indicated whether
indicated earlier
indicated explicitly
indicated node
studied
studied extensively
studied problem
studied languages
studied task
studied language
studied using
rates
rates obtained
rates using
rates recognizer
rates individual
rates reported
rates across
involving
involving multiple
involving prepositions
involving different
involving relations
involving human
involving several
proposition
proposition bank
proposition expressed
proposition level
proposition conveyed
proposition banks
proposition entailment
title
title words
title abstract
title field
title index
title author
title pairs
describing
describing images
describing objects
describing events
describing complex
describing different
describing work
guistics
guistics pages
guistics human
guistics coling
guistics volume
guistics naacl
guistics eacl
machines
machines svms
machines learning
machines using
machines pages
machines vapnik
machines corporation
criterion
criterion function
criterion used
criterion based
criterion functions
criterion described
criterion online
matched
matched words
matched pairs
matched word
matched sentences
matched phrases
matched pair
illustrated
illustrated using
illustrated earlier
illustrated documents
illustrated texts
illustrated figure
illustrated later
guidelines
guidelines used
guidelines using
guidelines version
guidelines also
guidelines given
guidelines bies
solutions
solutions found
solutions based
solutions proposed
solutions generated
solutions using
solutions could
serve
serve different
serve well
serve many
serve better
serve multiple
serve several
referred
referred object
referred entity
referred back
referred individuals
referred news
referred tokens
learners
learners dictionary
learners writing
learners english
learners using
learners corpus
learners performance
mode
mode precision
mode using
mode allows
mode active
mode projection
mode system
cation
cation task
cation tasks
cation accuracy
cation problem
cation using
cation based
metaphor
metaphor identification
metaphor detection
metaphor processing
metaphor interpretation
metaphor list
metaphor corpus
turns
turns taken
turns back
turns initiated
turns right
turns within
turns following
remove
remove stop
remove stopwords
remove noise
remove words
remove phone
remove redundant
variant
variant forms
variant form
variant generation
variant sets
variant spellings
variant names
formance
formance using
formance improvement
formance metrics
formance across
formance improvements
formance compared
schemes
schemes used
schemes based
schemes like
schemes described
schemes using
schemes could
stored
stored separately
stored together
stored using
stored information
stored data
stored knowledge
broad
broad coverage
broad range
broad categories
broad cast
broad sense
broad classes
arbitrary
arbitrary number
arbitrary length
arbitrary features
arbitrary text
arbitrary word
arbitrary feature
recognized
recognized words
recognized word
recognized using
recognized correctly
recognized string
recognized text
pipeline
pipeline architecture
pipeline approach
pipeline model
pipeline system
pipeline systems
pipeline models
schema
schema based
schema matching
schema induction
schema shown
schema using
schema definition
genre
genre specific
genre classification
genre detection
genre identification
genre analysis
genre differences
subj
subj pred
subj orig
subj verb
subj subj
subj dobj
subj comp
hold
hold true
hold among
hold across
hold promise
hold even
hold since
effectiveness
effectiveness measures
effectiveness compared
effectiveness efficiency
effectiveness evaluation
effectiveness function
effectiveness across
encoded
encoded using
encoded within
encoded information
encoded knowledge
encoded text
encoded according
lapata
lapata university
lapata mirella
lapata school
lapata dependency
lapata maria
lapata semi
guages
guages like
guages english
guages using
guages including
guages pages
guages involved
marcu
marcu steve
marcu daniel
marcu susan
marcu information
marcu rhetorical
marcu exploiting
singular
singular value
singular plural
singular values
singular form
singular noun
singular present
modifiers
modifiers like
modifiers using
modifiers within
modifiers must
modifiers including
modifiers adjectives
completely
completely different
completely unsupervised
completely independent
completely correct
completely automatic
completely unrelated
phonetic
phonetic similarity
phonetic transcription
phonetic features
phonetic transcriptions
phonetic distance
phonetic alphabet
depen
depen dency
depen dencies
depen dent
depen dents
depen dence
depen orig
limit
limit point
limit theorem
limit attention
limit points
limit case
limit value
dimensional
dimensional space
dimensional vector
dimensional feature
dimensional vectors
dimensional data
dimensional semantic
belief
belief propagation
belief state
belief tracking
belief networks
belief update
belief states
constrained
constrained optimization
constrained grammar
constrained model
constrained conditional
constrained system
constrained version
projective
projective dependency
projective parsing
projective trees
projective structures
projective dependencies
projective arcs
explained
explained earlier
explained later
explained using
explained away
explained previously
explained next
theme
theme argument
theme theme
theme tool
theme role
theme cause
theme arguments
william
william byrne
william gale
william cohen
william lewis
william mann
william yang
mapped
mapped onto
mapped back
mapped directly
mapped argument
mapped semantic
mapped using
approximately
approximately half
approximately equal
approximately three
approximately twice
approximately correct
approximately linear
face
face form
face forms
face book
face realization
face conversation
face value
specify
specify whether
specify different
specify constraints
specify additional
specify information
specify several
examine
examine whether
examine three
examine several
examine different
examine various
examine every
received
received much
received funding
received considerable
received little
received books
received less
potentially
potentially useful
potentially relevant
potentially infinite
potentially ambiguous
potentially large
potentially improve
published
published results
published work
published papers
published online
published research
published result
analyze
analyze whether
analyze sentences
analyze text
analyze data
analyze different
analyze large
configuration
configuration file
configuration files
configuration space
configuration without
configuration used
configuration frequency
body
body part
body parts
body text
body location
body weight
body language
compounds
compounds using
compounds like
compounds containing
compounds extracted
compounds whose
compounds found
indexing
indexing terms
indexing scheme
indexing units
indexing method
indexing using
indexing engine
possibility
possibility would
possibility exists
possibility could
possibility might
possibility remains
possibility distribution
explain
explain away
explain claim
explain certain
explain later
explain many
explain process
infer
infer ence
infer ences
infer ring
infer semantic
infer word
infer implicit
california
california june
california berkeley
california santa
california press
california information
california institute
adopted
adopted different
adopted several
adopted within
adopted solution
adopted standard
adopted three
explanation
explanation based
explanation generation
explanation system
explanation generators
explanation indicated
explanation could
linguistically
linguistically motivated
linguistically annotated
linguistically informed
linguistically interpreted
linguistically based
linguistically processed
advances
advances made
advances trends
advances achieved
advances including
advances include
advances came
gener
gener ated
gener ation
gener ally
gener ating
gener ates
gener ative
referent
referent identification
referent resolution
referent entity
referent entities
referent candidates
referent graph
depend
depend ency
depend upon
depend heavily
depend directly
depend crucially
depend ence
crucial
crucial role
crucial step
crucial difference
crucial part
crucial information
crucial point
fourth
fourth international
fourth workshop
fourth sighan
fourth column
fourth conference
fourth linguistic
cally
cally significant
cally related
cally annotated
cally motivated
cally generated
cally similar
induced
induced senses
induced clusters
induced using
induced word
induced rules
induced grammar
interpreted
interpreted corpora
interpreted using
interpreted differently
interpreted correctly
interpreted relative
interpreted either
perhaps
perhaps even
perhaps also
perhaps surprisingly
perhaps best
perhaps using
perhaps less
write
write rules
write permission
write grammars
write articles
write english
write sentences
projection
projection across
projection matrix
projection based
projection algorithm
projection method
projection layer
approximate
approximate inference
approximate string
approximate dependency
approximate search
approximate matching
approximate solution
sizes
sizes ranging
sizes using
sizes used
sizes range
sizes figure
sizes increase
acoustic
acoustic models
acoustic model
acoustic prosodic
acoustic features
acoustic modeling
acoustic signal
former
former case
former approach
former uses
former type
former president
former model
findings
findings conclusions
findings suggest
findings indicate
findings show
findings reported
findings also
rithm
rithm described
rithm based
rithm used
rithm uses
rithm using
rithm performs
func
func tion
func tions
func tional
func orig
func tors
func left
central
central role
central idea
central problem
central repository
central issue
central part
estimates
estimates based
estimates obtained
estimates using
estimates computed
estimates derived
estimates probabilities
unseen
unseen words
unseen data
unseen test
unseen word
unseen bigrams
unseen text
increased
increased number
increased interest
increased performance
increased recall
increased accuracy
increased precision
chunks
chunks using
chunks derived
chunks found
chunks instead
chunks extracted
chunks based
putational
putational linguistics
putational natural
putational approaches
putational complexity
putational semantics
putational model
extra
extra linguistic
extra information
extra features
extra propositional
extra words
extra data
thomas
thomas hofmann
thomas landauer
thomas meyer
thomas griffiths
thomas m¨uller
thomas franc
commonly
commonly used
commonly occurring
commonly found
commonly known
commonly referred
commonly employed
else
else return
else pick
else orig
else begin
else label
else choose
claim
claim text
claim made
claim selection
claim detection
claim however
claim identification
portion
portion shows
portion marcus
portion mass
portion represents
portion used
portion coming
successfully
successfully applied
successfully used
successfully employed
successfully completed
successfully parsed
successfully identified
relatedness
relatedness using
relatedness measures
relatedness scores
relatedness measure
relatedness score
relatedness among
spans
spans using
spans across
spans called
spans must
spans multiple
spans within
begin
begin ning
begin inside
begin orig
begin time
begin continue
begin middle
coarse
coarse grained
coarse grain
coarse sense
coarse level
coarse pass
coarse senses
opinions
opinions findings
opinions expressed
opinions opinion
opinions towards
opinions emotions
opinions find
absolute
absolute value
absolute improvement
absolute error
absolute values
absolute difference
absolute frequency
poor
poor performance
poor languages
poor results
poor language
poor quality
poor perfor
collocations
collocations extracted
collocations using
collocations according
collocations based
collocations lexical
collocations pages
vowel
vowel harmony
vowel systems
vowel consonant
vowel length
vowel quality
vowel sequences
embedding
embedding features
embedding space
embedding matrix
embedding model
embedding models
embedding based
presentation
presentation sessions
presentation order
presentation strategies
presentation phase
presentation format
presentation system
showing
showing results
showing improvements
showing significant
showing high
showing whether
showing signs
generalization
generalization performance
generalization ability
generalization error
generalization power
generalization across
generalization capability
submitted
submitted systems
submitted system
submitted papers
submitted runs
submitted results
submitted three
paragraph
paragraph level
paragraph boundaries
paragraph segmentation
paragraph vector
paragraph length
paragraph breaks
additionally
additionally since
additionally used
additionally include
additionally using
additionally uses
additionally annotated
measuring
measuring semantic
measuring word
measuring similarity
measuring nominal
measuring agreement
measuring translation
neutral
neutral sentiment
neutral class
neutral words
neutral positive
neutral polarity
neutral negative
prepositional
prepositional phrase
prepositional phrases
prepositional object
prepositional complement
prepositional attachment
prepositional objects
choices
choices made
choices file
choices files
choices among
choices based
choices available
talk
talk pages
talk project
talk like
talk given
talk understanding
talk page
chang
chang ning
chang michel
chang chih
chang yves
chang wang
chang jing
probably
probably also
probably better
probably caused
probably would
probably best
probably less
holds
holds true
holds promise
holds even
holds international
holds across
holds also
drawn
drawn randomly
drawn independently
drawn uniformly
drawn much
drawn according
drawn using
variations
variations across
variations among
variations using
variations within
variations could
variations used
adjacent
adjacent words
adjacent sentences
adjacent nodes
adjacent word
adjacent utterances
adjacent sentence
theories
theories pages
theories based
theories like
theories conference
theories would
theories could
integration
integration methods
integration process
integration strategies
integration method
integration strategy
integration approach
principles
principles underlying
principles behind
principles governing
principles techniques
principles used
principles based
health
health care
health records
health information
health science
health related
health record
terminology
terminology extraction
terminology used
terminology management
terminology database
terminology translation
terminology acquisition
conversational
conversational speech
conversational agents
conversational systems
conversational agent
conversational dialogue
conversational text
mixed
mixed initiative
mixed language
mixed case
mixed effects
mixed results
mixed model
hovy
hovy mitchell
hovy eduard
hovy information
hovy university
hovy chin
hovy carnegie
roughly
roughly speaking
roughly equal
roughly equivalent
roughly corresponds
roughly correspond
roughly half
replaced
replaced form
replaced words
replaced sentences
replaced token
replaced using
replaced word
areas
areas including
areas like
areas within
areas include
areas identified
areas pertaining
realization
realization component
realization ranking
realization rules
realization system
realization module
realization patterns
committee
committee members
committee based
committee chairs
committee president
committee eneko
committee meeting
generalized
generalized phrase
generalized quantifiers
generalized expectation
generalized linear
generalized iterative
generalized quantifier
break
break session
break even
break indices
break index
break ties
break prediction
pred
pred orig
pred pred
pred subj
pred john
pred value
pred method
chains
chains morris
chains using
chains provide
chains based
chains containing
chains barzilay
request
request action
request info
request information
request classifier
request type
request system
block
block diagram
block degree
block sequence
block based
block compression
block size
retrieved
retrieved documents
retrieved using
retrieved sentences
retrieved information
retrieved document
retrieved passages
ensure
ensure consistency
ensure high
ensure adequate
ensure correct
ensure consistent
ensure quality
stephen
stephen clark
stephen soderland
stephen pulman
stephen della
stephen sutton
stephen johnson
record
record linkage
record type
record types
record ings
record text
record number
categorization
categorization task
categorization frames
categorization tasks
categorization based
categorization methods
categorization using
stress
stress patterns
stress pattern
stress assignment
stress systems
stress placement
stress rule
recursive
recursive neural
recursive deep
recursive matrix
recursive structure
recursive definition
recursive rules
separately
separately trained
separately using
separately since
separately evaluate
separately without
separately evaluated
dimension
dimension reduction
dimension specific
dimension vector
dimension corresponds
dimension along
dimension size
humans
humans interpret
humans would
humans agree
humans tend
humans body
humans find
experience
experience based
experience shows
experience using
experience suggests
experience gained
experience indicates
joshi
joshi aravind
joshi university
joshi levy
joshi department
joshi bonnie
joshi webber
incorporate
incorporate information
incorporate features
incorporate syntactic
incorporate additional
incorporate semantic
incorporate word
pairwise
pairwise comparisons
pairwise comparison
pairwise similarity
pairwise agreement
pairwise ranking
pairwise model
strongly
strongly associated
strongly related
strongly connected
strongly correlated
strongly influenced
strongly suggests
proportion
proportion difference
proportion ally
proportion correct
proportion vector
proportion agreement
proportion expressions
restrictions
restrictions imposed
restrictions apply
restrictions must
restrictions associated
restrictions placed
restrictions based
sound
sound correspondences
sound rules
sound changes
sound change
sound pattern
sound files
miller
miller richard
miller george
miller charles
miller claudia
miller lance
miller martin
decide
decide whether
decide upon
decide among
decide based
decide entailment
decide important
company
company names
company name
company amsterdam
company dordrecht
company said
company company
subsequent
subsequent work
subsequent processing
subsequent sections
subsequent experiments
subsequent analysis
subsequent reference
embedded
embedded clause
embedded clauses
embedded within
embedded sentence
embedded sentences
embedded verb
sure
sure alignments
sure links
sure whether
sure alignment
sure possible
sure based
docu
docu ments
docu ment
docu orig
docu mentation
docu mented
foreign
foreign language
foreign words
foreign word
foreign languages
foreign names
foreign sentence
passive
passive voice
passive aggressive
passive verb
passive construction
passive constructions
passive form
ground
ground truth
ground knowledge
ground atoms
ground information
ground atom
ground terms
ample
ample given
ample sentences
ample consider
ample sentence
ample evidence
ample room
assessment
assessment system
assessment task
assessment using
assessment tool
assessment systems
assessment tasks
transitions
transitions labeled
transitions leaving
transitions within
transitions given
transitions correspond
transitions leading
team
team members
team name
team submitted
team member
team used
team system
black
black boxes
black line
black well
black white
black alan
black john
family
family name
family names
family members
family tree
family member
family history
hpsg
hpsg grammar
hpsg parsing
hpsg parser
hpsg pollard
hpsg based
hpsg parse
modal
modal verbs
modal verb
modal logic
modal dialogue
modal auxiliary
modal operators
pseudo
pseudo code
pseudo projective
pseudo word
pseudo relevance
pseudo words
pseudo references
taxonomy
taxonomy induction
taxonomy learning
taxonomy construction
taxonomy based
taxonomy extraction
taxonomy proposed
game
game theory
game theoretic
game world
game play
game based
game state
requirements
requirements analysis
requirements imposed
requirements engineer
requirements engineering
requirements specification
requirements described
compression
compression rate
compression ratio
compression rates
compression model
compression based
compression system
literal
literal meaning
literal translation
literal translations
literal usages
literal interpretation
literal language
exploit
exploit information
exploit syntactic
exploit existing
exploit large
exploit linguistic
exploit word
arcs
arcs represent
arcs labeled
arcs leaving
arcs connecting
arcs leading
arcs representing
spaces
spaces using
spaces based
spaces approach
spaces used
spaces without
spaces represent
kernels
kernels based
kernels collins
kernels practical
kernels applied
kernels prac
kernels using
maps
maps every
maps onto
maps words
maps input
maps english
maps directly
situations
situations like
situations described
situations involving
situations language
situations however
situations could
lrec
lrec pages
lrec workshop
lrec volume
lrec conference
lrec lisbon
lrec malta
script
script based
script like
script knowledge
script provided
script language
script used
bootstrapping
bootstrapping process
bootstrapping algorithm
bootstrapping method
bootstrapping approach
bootstrapping procedure
bootstrapping methods
handling
handling unknown
handling large
handling sparsity
handling complex
handling word
handling rules
treat
treat ment
treat ments
treat every
treat words
treat orig
treat word
collocation
collocation extraction
collocation based
collocation errors
collocation features
collocation identification
collocation measures
continuous
continuous space
continuous speech
continuous word
continuous vector
continuous valued
continuous phrase
tweet
tweet level
tweet contains
tweet data
tweet text
tweet normalization
tweet based
trigram
trigram model
trigram language
trigram models
trigram features
trigram based
trigram tagger
thesaurus
thesaurus based
thesaurus extraction
thesaurus construction
thesaurus discovery
thesaurus categories
thesaurus category
cohen
cohen philip
cohen university
cohen jerry
cohen william
cohen oregon
cohen robin
encode
encode information
encode semantic
encode syntactic
encode different
encode lexical
encode knowledge
obvious
obvious choice
obvious solution
obvious question
obvious reasons
obvious approach
obvious advantage
slots
slots filled
slots within
slots based
slots like
slots must
slots name
experts
experts using
experts agreed
experts agree
experts annotated
experts would
experts model
george
george foster
george doddington
george bush
george miller
george lakoff
george washington
confusion
confusion matrix
confusion network
confusion networks
confusion sets
confusion matrices
confusion probability
rare
rare words
rare word
rare events
rare cases
rare sense
rare senses
denoted
denoted using
denoted respectively
denoted either
denoted entities
denoted events
denoted hence
exploiting
exploiting syntactic
exploiting parallel
exploiting semantic
exploiting types
exploiting underlying
exploiting class
independently
independently trained
independently motivated
independently developed
independently annotated
independently generated
independently distributed
corre
corre sponding
corre sponds
corre lation
corre lated
corre lations
corre orig
cate
cate gories
cate gory
cate argument
cate orig
cate whether
cate logic
toward
toward memory
toward natural
toward better
toward building
toward information
toward learning
preprocessing
preprocessing step
preprocessing steps
preprocessing stage
preprocessing schemes
preprocessing phase
preprocessing module
remains
remains unchanged
remains unclear
remains constant
remains open
remains relatively
remains largely
analyzer
analyzer version
analyzer using
analyzer based
analyzer uses
analyzer developed
analyzer buckwalter
keyword
keyword extraction
keyword based
keyword search
keyword matching
keyword list
keyword selection
experi
experi ments
experi ment
experi mental
experi ence
experi mented
experi orig
posed
posed method
posed approach
posed model
posed system
posed methods
posed framework
marks
marks indicate
marks like
marks around
marks whether
marks words
marks question
illustrate
illustrate consider
illustrate different
illustrate several
illustrate various
illustrate another
illustrate three
april
april june
april september
april open
april pages
april august
april system
consist
consist entirely
consist mostly
consist mainly
consist primarily
consist solely
consist simply
marcus
marcus beatrice
marcus martha
marcus mitchell
marcus mary
marcus santorini
marcus parser
addressed
addressed using
addressed within
addressed either
addressed issues
addressed several
addressed directly
plural
plural form
plural noun
plural forms
plural nouns
plural pronoun
plural suffix
popular
popular approach
popular method
popular science
popular media
popular choice
popular methods
took
took place
took part
took advantage
took approximately
took less
took around
preferred
preferred interpretation
preferred reading
preferred center
preferred parse
preferred attributes
preferred antecedent
oracle
oracle score
oracle best
oracle bleu
oracle scores
oracle results
oracle accuracy
derive
derive features
derive word
derive general
derive semantic
derive information
derive syntactic
compu
compu tational
compu tation
compu tations
compu orig
compu ting
compu ters
involve
involve different
involve multiple
involve semantic
involve many
involve ment
involve using
giving
giving rise
giving information
giving instructions
giving equal
giving systems
giving feedback
morpheme
morpheme boundaries
morpheme based
morpheme boundary
morpheme segmentation
morpheme level
morpheme analysis
effectively
effectively used
effectively capture
effectively applied
effectively using
effectively improve
effectively combine
belong
belong together
belong either
belong orig
belong among
belong mostly
belong neither
guide
guide lines
guide features
guide grammar
guide line
guide future
guide users
sentential
sentential paraphrases
sentential context
sentential level
sentential complement
sentential form
sentential relations
operator
operator verb
operator must
operator scope
operator models
operator takes
operator allows
syllable
syllable structure
syllable based
syllable boundaries
syllable boundary
syllable weight
syllable level
annotate
annotate text
annotate data
annotate words
annotate sentences
annotate texts
annotate discourse
phoneme
phoneme conversion
phoneme based
phoneme sequence
phoneme sequences
phoneme string
phoneme alignment
returns
returns true
returns control
returns false
returns either
returns zero
returns null
comparative
comparative study
comparative evaluation
comparative analysis
comparative results
comparative sentences
comparative experiments
fewer
fewer words
fewer parameters
fewer features
fewer errors
fewer sentences
fewer training
multimodal
multimodal dialogue
multimodal interaction
multimodal interfaces
multimodal information
multimodal integration
multimodal systems
flexible
flexible enough
flexible word
flexible parsing
flexible framework
flexible approach
flexible matching
uniform
uniform distribution
uniform probability
uniform prior
uniform weights
uniform approach
uniform architecture
union
union bank
union seventh
union operation
union intersection
union college
union alignments
choosing
choosing among
choosing words
choosing different
choosing appropriate
choosing rhetorical
choosing whether
graphical
graphical model
graphical models
graphical representation
graphical user
graphical interface
graphical representations
similarities
similarities among
similarities based
similarities across
similarities using
similarities computed
similarities differences
sions
sions pages
sions using
sions like
sions made
sions based
sions used
explored
explored different
explored using
explored several
explored various
explored whether
explored three
neither
neither system
neither approach
neither sentence
neither model
neither necessary
neither word
regarding
regarding word
regarding language
regarding different
regarding future
regarding whether
regarding english
phone
phone number
phone numbers
phone recognition
phone call
phone sequences
phone recognizers
implement
implement several
implement three
implement different
implement various
implement features
implement many
defining
defining vocabulary
defining features
defining concepts
defining words
defining patterns
defining properties
meet
meet ings
meet semi
meet orig
meet certain
meet operation
meet unlabeled
perfect
perfect agreement
perfect match
perfect tense
perfect hash
perfect accuracy
perfect aspect
official
official results
official evaluation
official test
official policies
official languages
official language
margin
margin training
margin based
margin markov
margin classifiers
margin methods
margin learning
academic
academic press
academic publishers
academic writing
academic research
academic papers
academic prose
burch
burch marcello
burch philipp
burch miles
burch chris
burch christian
burch colin
consistency
consistency checking
consistency checks
consistency constraints
consistency across
consistency check
consistency among
detected
detected using
detected automatically
detected correctly
detected errors
detected mentions
detected demon
versus
versus negative
versus sentence
versus word
versus rest
versus bleu
versus quality
russian
russian english
russian language
russian word
russian words
russian academy
russian spanish
elementary
elementary trees
elementary tree
elementary discourse
elementary structures
elementary units
elementary school
images
images using
images based
images used
images without
images associated
images dataset
callison
callison burch
callison orig
callison birch
modern
modern standard
modern hebrew
modern information
modern greek
modern chinese
modern english
paradigm
paradigm based
paradigm shift
paradigm words
paradigm structure
paradigm pages
paradigm string
perceptron
perceptron algorithm
perceptron algorithms
perceptron training
perceptron learning
perceptron model
perceptron collins
pragmatic
pragmatic constraints
pragmatic information
pragmatic knowledge
pragmatic approach
pragmatic aspects
pragmatic features
applies
applies equally
applies also
applies even
applies rules
applies rule
applies different
ated
ated using
ated words
ated summaries
ated text
ated based
ated word
chunking
chunking using
chunking task
chunking model
chunking based
chunking tasks
chunking results
transducer
transducer library
transducer model
transducer based
transducer rules
transducer wfst
transducer grammars
somewhat
somewhat different
somewhat similar
somewhat less
somewhat surprising
somewhat lower
somewhat better
going
going beyond
going back
going work
going forward
going home
going research
prove
prove useful
prove performance
prove beneficial
prove translation
prove accuracy
prove upon
period
period figure
period time
period training
period type
period question
period comma
recognize
recognize whether
recognize features
recognize named
recognize words
recognize paraphrases
recognize semantic
glish
glish words
glish word
glish wikipedia
glish sentences
glish lexical
glish language
korean
korean english
korean word
korean language
korean treebank
korean words
korean text
investigated
investigated whether
investigated several
investigated using
investigated different
investigated methods
investigated three
largest
largest number
largest improvement
largest corpus
largest possible
largest value
largest class
pcfg
pcfg parser
pcfg parsing
pcfg model
pcfg models
pcfg based
pcfg rules
anaphoric
anaphoric expressions
anaphoric relations
anaphoric reference
anaphoric expression
anaphoric references
anaphoric pronouns
straightforward
straightforward approach
straightforward manner
straightforward extension
straightforward method
straightforward task
straightforward since
observations
observations made
observations suggest
observations regarding
observations concerning
observations show
observations indicate
vari
vari ables
vari able
vari ation
vari ations
vari ance
vari orig
conclude
conclude therefore
conclude section
conclude anything
conclude something
conclude accuracy
conclude alignments
covered
covered source
covered roots
covered words
covered include
covered terms
covered word
applicable
applicable rules
applicable across
applicable also
applicable rule
applicable since
applicable common
uncertainty
uncertainty sampling
uncertainty detection
uncertainty based
uncertainty negation
uncertainty classification
uncertainty adaptive
easier
easier task
easier since
easier problem
easier comparison
easier reading
easier understanding
editing
editing effort
editing term
editing time
editing terms
editing operations
editing tool
advanced
advanced research
advanced computer
advanced institute
advanced learners
advanced technology
advanced search
ques
ques tion
ques tions
ques orig
ques tioned
ques figure
ques applied
roth
roth university
roth owen
roth doug
roth wolfgang
roth editors
roth department
briefly
briefly describe
briefly review
briefly discuss
briefly noted
briefly introduce
briefly described
mitchell
mitchell marcus
mitchell mark
mitchell john
mitchell jeff
mitchell carnegie
mitchell microsoft
suppose
suppose also
suppose furthermore
suppose instead
suppose first
suppose word
suppose without
relies
relies heavily
relies upon
relies solely
relies mainly
relies crucially
relies entirely
electronic
electronic lexical
electronic dictionary
electronic dictionaries
electronic health
electronic form
electronic text
segmented
segmented corpus
segmented words
segmented text
segmented data
segmented using
segmented training
simplified
simplified version
simplified chinese
simplified texts
simplified sentences
simplified example
simplified model
dont
dont know
dont want
dont need
dont think
dont care
dont believe
reviewers
reviewers whose
reviewers comments
reviewers provided
reviewers also
reviewers pointed
reviewers listed
approximation
approximation algorithm
approximation algorithms
approximation method
approximation error
approximation methods
approximation techniques
church
church kenneth
church editors
church gale
church heng
church william
church hanks
caused
caused motion
caused problems
caused event
caused mainly
caused process
caused either
posterior
posterior probability
posterior probabilities
posterior distribution
posterior regularization
posterior distributions
posterior prob
site
site http
site arguments
site data
site report
site specific
site reports
mental
mental health
mental state
mental representation
mental results
mental lexicon
mental states
house
house implementation
house phrase
house bill
house system
house style
house data
lemmas
lemmas using
lemmas instead
lemmas rather
lemmas within
lemmas part
lemmas appearing
typed
typed feature
typed dependency
typed dependencies
typed unification
typed entailment
typed lambda
october
october december
october november
october pages
october rose
october evidence
october intelligent
notice
notice also
notice however
notice able
notice appearing
notice ably
notice though
subtree
subtree rooted
subtree features
subtree based
subtree model
subtree constraints
subtree extraction
assumptions
assumptions made
assumptions underlying
assumptions behind
assumptions regarding
assumptions concerning
assumptions based
attempts
attempts around
attempts test
attempts towards
attempts using
attempts charniak
attempts defini
assess
assess ment
assess whether
assess ments
assess inter
assess performance
assess translation
informative
informative features
informative feature
informative sentences
informative abstract
informative priors
informative words
semeval
semeval task
semeval data
semeval pages
semeval tasks
semeval dataset
semeval test
immediately
immediately preceding
immediately following
immediately followed
immediately follow
immediately follows
immediately precedes
park
park california
park maryland
park avenue
park square
park drive
park press
coding
coding scheme
coding schemes
coding system
coding manual
coding algorithm
coding method
annota
annota tion
annota tions
annota tors
annota orig
annota figure
annota ting
producing
producing high
producing summaries
producing output
producing correct
producing text
producing better
aims
aims methods
aims report
aims primarily
aims cooperation
aims first
aims problems
established
established methods
established using
established among
established authors
established method
established tradition
moore
moore school
moore robert
moore johanna
moore lewis
moore microsoft
moore university
classi
classi fication
classi fier
classi fiers
classi fied
classi fying
classi orig
illustrates
illustrates another
illustrates several
illustrates three
illustrates cases
illustrates examples
illustrates adjoining
hope
hope park
hope fully
hope however
hope fear
hope everyone
hope model
phonological
phonological rules
phonological rule
phonological features
phonological processes
phonological theory
phonological representation
amounts
amounts thus
amounts called
amounts figure
amounts affects
amounts ages
amounts approximately
viewed
viewed documents
viewed either
viewed july
viewed along
viewed using
viewed answers
weak
weak generative
weak supervision
weak learner
weak learners
weak equivalence
weak classifiers
chose
chose three
chose different
chose instead
chose another
chose english
chose four
ideas
ideas presented
ideas behind
ideas using
ideas described
ideas sleep
ideas underlying
labelled
labelled data
labelled training
labelled examples
labelled precision
labelled recall
labelled dependency
paris
paris france
paris october
paris william
paris elra
paris viii
paris european
spain
spain july
spain september
spain pages
spain june
spain university
spain madrid
morphemes
morphemes within
morphemes words
morphemes like
morphemes using
morphemes could
morphemes rather
selectional
selectional preferences
selectional preference
selectional restrictions
selectional restriction
selectional prefer
selectional constraints
activity
activity time
activity associated
activity times
activity detection
activity orig
activity based
repeated
repeated words
repeated characters
repeated measures
repeated application
repeated using
repeated several
hall
hall jens
hall sandra
hall university
hall slav
hall upper
hall london
coordination
coordination structures
coordination structure
coordination phenomena
coordination constructions
coordination ambiguity
coordination conjunction
modification
modification repairs
modification relation
modification types
modification repair
modification events
modification features
tried
tried using
tried several
tried different
tried various
tried first
tried three
reranking
reranking model
reranking parser
reranking approach
reranking discriminative
reranking models
reranking framework
adopt
adopt different
adopt four
adopt either
adopt three
adopt word
adopt several
accepted
accepted papers
accepted definition
accepted patterns
accepted paper
accepted theory
accepted standard
efforts
efforts towards
efforts made
efforts like
efforts focus
efforts aimed
efforts needed
acknowledgements
acknowledgements thanks
acknowledgements many
acknowledgements work
acknowledgements special
acknowledgements part
acknowledgements research
behind
behind using
behind humor
behind many
behind detecting
behind developing
behind search
replace
replace ment
replace rules
replace operator
replace words
replace ments
replace every
kevin
kevin knight
kevin gimpel
kevin small
kevin murphy
kevin cohen
kevin chen
recognizing
recognizing textual
recognizing contextual
recognizing discourse
recognizing implicit
recognizing named
recognizing stances
zhou
zhou jian
zhou ting
zhou microsoft
zhou chin
zhou ming
zhou fang
strength
strength detection
strength values
strength parameter
strength rating
strength value
strength evaluations
things
things like
things come
things worse
things people
things first
things would
chiang
chiang david
chiang kevin
chiang steve
chiang mona
chiang university
chiang information
survey
survey questions
survey results
survey article
survey data
survey related
survey articles
young
young children
young university
young people
young researchers
young girl
young lucy
leave
leave aside
leave open
leave much
leave vincent
leave many
leave room
philipp
philipp koehn
philipp franz
philipp hieu
philipp schmid
philipp university
philipp hoang
gave
gave rise
gave better
gave mary
gave good
gave similar
gave higher
eric
eric brill
eric xing
eric steven
eric brown
eric davis
eric huang
perplexity
perplexity results
perplexity reduction
perplexity based
perplexity values
perplexity minimization
perplexity scores
deterministic
deterministic parsing
deterministic parser
deterministic finite
deterministic dependency
deterministic parsers
deterministic annealing
policy
policy optimisation
policy learning
policy gradient
policy iteration
policy based
policy parameters
march
march april
march open
march move
march august
march figure
march institutions
tational
tational linguistics
tational natural
tational semantics
tational complexity
tational approaches
tational model
multiword
multiword expressions
multiword expression
multiword units
multiword expres
multiword terms
multiword unit
solving
solving process
solving problems
solving methods
solving terry
solving actions
solving level
returned
returned results
returned documents
returned snippets
returned list
returned pages
returned answers
fairly
fairly well
fairly simple
fairly high
fairly large
fairly small
fairly straightforward
frank
frank keller
frank geoffrey
frank smadja
frank andrea
frank gordon
frank university
meth
meth orig
meth maps
meth category
meth inform
meth lexical
meth method
heads
heads rather
heads head
heads using
heads within
heads words
heads along
translating
translating english
translating collocations
translating spanish
translating technical
translating sentences
translating named
synchronous
synchronous tree
synchronous context
synchronous grammar
synchronous grammars
synchronous parsing
synchronous binarization
dirichlet
dirichlet allocation
dirichlet process
dirichlet prior
dirichlet distribution
dirichlet priors
dirichlet processes
leading
leading text
leading researchers
leading edge
leading sentences
leading role
leading cause
sort
sort hierarchy
sort candidates
sort system
sort used
sort order
sort algorithm
september
september october
september pages
september august
september orig
september twenty
september april
soft
soft ware
soft constraints
soft syntactic
soft cardinality
soft clustering
soft constraint
lated
lated work
lated words
lated using
lated languages
lated sentences
lated text
drop
drop verbs
drop ping
drop language
drop languages
drop significantly
drop verb
demonstrated
demonstrated using
demonstrated empirically
demonstrated promising
demonstrated good
demonstrated effectiveness
demonstrated high
columns
columns show
columns represent
columns correspond
columns give
columns indicate
columns contain
fall
fall symposium
fall back
fall within
fall outside
fall short
fall rise
public
public health
public opinion
public domain
public license
public release
public june
assuming
assuming independence
assuming perfect
assuming gold
assuming conditional
assuming different
assuming coreference
acquired
acquired knowledge
acquired automatically
acquired using
acquired selectional
acquired data
acquired rules
decomposition
decomposition algorithm
decomposition method
decomposition rule
decomposition forest
decomposition algorithms
decomposition based
stages
stages first
stages using
stages involved
stages translation
stages comparable
stages content
syntactically
syntactically annotated
syntactically informed
syntactically correct
syntactically motivated
syntactically related
syntactically well
white
white space
white house
white spaces
white paper
white wine
white nodes
augmented
augmented transition
augmented machine
augmented context
augmented phrase
augmented loss
augmented model
proved
proved useful
proved correlation
proved effective
proved successful
proved performance
proved backing
equivalence
equivalence classes
equivalence class
equivalence relation
equivalence relations
equivalence parsing
equivalence among
judges
judges agreed
judges agree
judges ratings
judges whether
judges rated
judges also
automata
automata theory
automata languages
automata theoretic
automata techniques
automata toolkit
automata using
contents
contents preface
contents social
contents invited
contents using
contents pages
contents introduction
universal
universal grammar
universal part
universal dependency
universal quantifier
universal quantification
universal dependencies
vary
vary greatly
vary across
vary widely
vary depending
vary according
vary significantly
defines
defines four
defines five
defines three
defines semantic
defines different
defines several
incorporating
incorporating syntactic
incorporating additional
incorporating lexical
incorporating information
incorporating prior
incorporating linguistic
ward
ward church
ward james
ward university
ward function
ward backward
ward application
viterbi
viterbi algorithm
viterbi alignment
viterbi decoding
viterbi search
viterbi alignments
viterbi parse
onto
onto logical
onto wordnet
onto another
onto stack
onto semantic
onto words
readability
readability assessment
readability formulas
readability formula
readability score
readability measures
readability scores
concerned
concerned primarily
concerned messages
concerned mainly
concerned awareness
concerned either
concerned source
faster
faster decoding
faster convergence
faster training
faster parsing
faster learning
faster rate
desired
desired output
desired result
desired number
desired information
desired level
desired effect
annotating
annotating expressions
annotating predicate
annotating discourse
annotating text
annotating named
annotating temporal
room
room number
room type
room room
room service
room category
room price
lexi
lexi cons
lexi orig
lexi cally
lexi case
lexi base
lexi birch
intermediate
intermediate representation
intermediate level
intermediate results
intermediate representations
intermediate phrase
intermediate step
contributions
contributions include
contributions made
contributions towards
contributions first
contributions presented
contributions apart
seven
seven different
seven languages
seven types
seven features
seven years
seven categories
views
views expressed
views opinions
views using
views language
views sameer
views corresponding
investigation
investigation shows
investigation revealed
investigation using
investigation reveals
investigation would
investigation focuses
equally
equally well
equally likely
equally important
equally good
equally weighted
equally distributed
swedish
swedish treebank
swedish framenet
swedish clinical
swedish english
swedish language
swedish medical
tors
tors proceedings
tors using
tors advances
tors agree
tors based
tors handbook
statement
statement must
statement question
statement made
statement frame
statement like
statement model
draw
draw conclusions
draw back
draw attention
draw upon
draw inferences
draw topic
propbank
propbank palmer
propbank annotation
propbank style
propbank corpus
propbank nombank
propbank data
books
books received
books listed
books ngram
books cambridge
books team
books written
narrative
narrative text
narrative texts
narrative event
narrative schemas
narrative structure
narrative discourse
analyzing
analyzing talk
analyzing weblogs
analyzing language
analyzing text
analyzing intention
analyzing twitter
internet
internet users
internet search
internet based
internet connection
internet access
internet movie
correspondence
correspondence learning
correspondence points
correspondence assumption
correspondence analysis
correspondence model
correspondence based
promising
promising results
promising approach
promising direction
promising performance
promising result
promising research
eral
eral different
eral purpose
eral language
eral framework
eral reasons
eral methods
life
life cycle
life science
life sciences
life events
life like
life event
instructions
instructions given
instructions provided
instructions based
instructions generated
instructions designed
instructions could
philadelphia
philadelphia pennsylvania
philadelphia july
philadelphia john
philadelphia penn
philadelphia linguistic
philadelphia pages
essential
essential part
essential information
essential role
essential component
essential arguments
essential step
member
member ship
member states
member collection
member benefits
member verbs
member nations
london
london england
london longman
london academic
london september
london ontario
london pages
pars
pars orig
pars ings
pars part
pars ability
pars eval
pars fully
mwes
mwes using
mwes based
mwes like
mwes present
mwes among
mwes extracted
eacl
eacl pages
eacl workshop
eacl athens
eacl trento
eacl volume
eacl conference
attached
attached directly
attached prepositional
attached either
attached correctly
attached high
attached procedures
averaged
averaged perceptron
averaged across
averaged accuracy
averaged precision
averaged results
averaged scores
statements
statements made
statements like
statements without
statements involving
statements using
statements describing
treebanks
treebanks building
treebanks used
treebanks lexicalized
treebanks using
treebanks available
treebanks pages
berkeley
berkeley parser
berkeley framenet
berkeley california
berkeley aligner
berkeley berkeley
berkeley linguistics
stan
stan dard
stan ford
stan szpakowicz
stan orig
stan yeah
stan chen
tuned
tuned using
tuned system
tuned parameters
tuned weights
tuned systems
tuned model
ratings
ratings given
ratings across
ratings using
ratings based
ratings obtained
ratings assigned
transcription
transcription system
transcription factor
transcription factors
transcription errors
transcription systems
transcription process
comparisons
comparisons among
comparisons across
comparisons using
comparisons based
comparisons made
comparisons within
tactic
tactic structure
tactic information
tactic features
tactic analysis
tactic structures
tactic parsing
programs
programs written
programs like
programs used
programs must
programs based
programs called
ally
ally annotated
ally used
ally labeled
ally constructed
ally expensive
ally created
pennsylvania
pennsylvania philadelphia
pennsylvania state
pennsylvania press
pennsylvania july
pennsylvania university
pennsylvania department
truth
truth value
truth conditions
truth values
truth assignment
truth conditional
truth data
oxford
oxford university
oxford oxford
oxford english
oxford handbook
oxford england
oxford blackwell
posts
posts using
posts containing
posts written
posts contain
posts made
posts stance
suffixes
suffixes like
suffixes prefixes
suffixes used
suffixes given
suffixes respectively
suffixes using
modelling
modelling approach
modelling sentences
modelling human
modelling language
modelling word
modelling techniques
decided
decided whether
decided upon
decided based
decided using
decided according
decided empirically
formally
formally defined
formally given
formally define
formally syntax
formally described
formally represented
knowl
knowl edge
knowl orig
knowl tences
speaking
speaking rate
speaking style
speaking proficiency
speaking styles
speaking countries
speaking children
indicator
indicator function
indicator features
indicator feature
indicator functions
indicator variable
indicator variables
pronunciation
pronunciation dictionary
pronunciation rules
pronunciation dictionaries
pronunciation variation
pronunciation modeling
pronunciation model
phenomenon
phenomenon occurs
phenomenon called
phenomenon also
phenomenon based
phenomenon known
phenomenon could
walker
walker marilyn
walker aravind
walker bell
walker fund
walker diane
walker joshi
jurafsky
jurafsky daniel
jurafsky stanford
jurafsky paul
jurafsky elizabeth
jurafsky automatic
jurafsky university
starts
starts parsing
starts speaking
starts ends
starts moving
starts talking
starts decreasing
helps
helps improve
helps users
helps reduce
helps boost
helps prevent
helps identify
transitive
transitive verb
transitive closure
transitive verbs
transitive translation
transitive relation
transitive sentences
remain
remain unchanged
remain constant
remain open
remain fixed
remain stable
remain consistent
converted
converted back
converted tree
converted trees
converted data
converted treebank
converted using
thought
thought unit
thought would
thought units
thought language
thought words
thought processes
washington
washington seattle
washington university
washington post
washington state
washington report
washington office
mckeown
mckeown kathleen
mckeown columbia
mckeown department
mckeown eric
mckeown julia
mckeown regina
microsoft
microsoft research
microsoft word
microsoft corporation
microsoft windows
microsoft corp
microsoft office
mappings
mappings using
mappings based
mappings could
mappings used
mappings among
mappings across
mccallum
mccallum andrew
mccallum university
mccallum sebastian
mccallum department
mccallum fernando
mccallum karl
portuguese
portuguese language
portuguese spanish
portuguese english
portuguese texts
portuguese corpus
portuguese wordnet
propositions
propositions expressed
propositions using
propositions whose
propositions within
propositions extracted
propositions selected
progress
progress report
progress test
progress towards
progress toward
progress made
progress notes
aaai
aaai press
aaai spring
aaai conference
aaai fall
aaai pages
aaai workshop
synonym
synonym sets
synonym extraction
synonym pairs
synonym dictionary
synonym choice
synonym resolution
middle
middle east
middle ground
middle school
middle english
middle column
middle field
constructing
constructing corpora
constructing biological
constructing descriptions
constructing literature
constructing natural
constructing lexical
efficiently
efficiently using
efficiently computed
efficiently compute
efficiently find
efficiently solved
efficiently inducing
republic
republic june
republic pages
republic project
republic september
republic association
republic grant
strict
strict evaluation
strict sense
strict matching
strict left
strict reading
strict match
participant
participant systems
participant roles
participant role
participant level
participant pairs
participant teams
cessing
cessing pages
cessing systems
cessing emnlp
cessing step
cessing tasks
cessing volume
carry
carry information
carry different
carry much
carry semantic
carry little
carry specific
removing
removing stop
removing punctuation
removing stopwords
removing words
removing features
removing redundant
critical
critical role
critical tokenization
critical reviews
critical issue
critical questions
critical assessment
databases
databases pages
databases like
databases using
databases containing
databases mining
databases volume
checking
checking whether
checking algorithm
checking problem
checking based
checking procedure
checking system
combines
combines several
combines features
combines syntactic
combines multiple
combines information
combines three
naturally
naturally occurring
naturally leads
naturally occur
naturally extended
naturally arises
naturally arise
substantial
substantial improvement
substantial amount
substantial improvements
substantial number
substantial agreement
substantial gains
contribute
contribute much
contribute significantly
contribute towards
contribute equally
contribute less
contribute positively
taggers
taggers using
taggers parsers
taggers based
taggers trained
taggers used
taggers performance
foundation
foundation grant
foundation ireland
foundation grants
foundation graduate
foundation heidelberg
foundation award
pour
pour cette
pour cent
pour identifier
pour analyser
pour plus
pour deux
sweden
sweden july
sweden april
sweden august
sweden production
sweden pages
sweden richard
mind
mind word
mind brain
mind common
mind system
mind articulation
mind language
unified
unified framework
unified approach
unified medical
unified model
unified architecture
unified account
care
care fully
care unit
care must
care data
care domain
care costs
morpho
morpho syntactic
morpho logical
morpho logically
morpho challenge
morpho lexical
morpho syntax
restriction
restriction rules
restriction grammar
restriction operator
restriction language
restriction interpreter
restriction imposed
dency
dency parsing
dency tree
dency trees
dency relations
dency parser
dency structures
aware
aware approach
aware tuning
aware sites
aware ness
aware features
aware model
trec
trec question
trec corpus
trec data
trec questions
trec evaluation
trec collection
assigning
assigning semantic
assigning weights
assigning different
assigning labels
assigning probabilities
assigning function
prep
prep noun
prep prep
prep orig
prep preposition
prep dobj
prep child
realized
realized using
realized within
realized differently
realized either
realized explicitly
realized syntactically
laboratory
laboratory university
laboratory cambridge
laboratory massachusetts
laboratory department
laboratory princeton
laboratory technical
options
options available
options meaning
options including
options provided
options exist
options include
integrating
integrating multiple
integrating processing
integrating knowledge
integrating graph
integrating word
integrating syntactic
collect
collect data
collect information
collect statistics
collect training
collect large
collect human
varying
varying degrees
varying levels
varying number
varying amounts
varying sizes
varying numbers
cell
cell phone
cell line
cell type
cell phones
cell cycle
cell contains
mixture
mixture model
mixture models
mixture weights
mixture modeling
mixture components
mixture component
assigns
assigns probabilities
assigns probability
assigns high
assigns equal
assigns higher
assigns different
away
away ambiguity
away back
away quickly
away table
away computing
away information
thing
thing else
thing john
thing like
thing happens
thing called
thing similar
resnik
resnik philip
resnik university
resnik editors
resnik resnik
resnik bonnie
resnik similarity
iden
iden tify
iden tification
iden tified
iden tical
iden tity
iden orig
readers
readers attention
readers would
readers might
readers familiar
readers knowledge
readers prefer
simi
simi larity
simi larly
simi orig
simi arity
simi alessandro
simi alignments
offer
offer save
offer several
offer little
offer additional
offer available
offer different
records
records whether
records using
records containing
records fields
records contain
records track
motivation
motivation behind
motivation relation
motivation comes
motivation definition
motivation given
motivation corpus
limitations
limitations imposed
limitations associated
limitations mentioned
limitations prevent
limitations many
limitations however
besides
besides publishing
besides using
besides english
besides providing
besides word
besides many
resolve
resolve ambiguities
resolve ambiguity
resolve word
resolve natural
resolve conflicts
resolve pronouns
coefficient
coefficient matrix
coefficient dice
coefficient carletta
coefficient value
coefficient values
coefficient cohen
anchor
anchor text
anchor words
anchor points
anchor texts
anchor word
anchor sentence
conventional
conventional methods
conventional metaphors
conventional phrase
conventional word
conventional metaphor
conventional method
examined
examined whether
examined three
examined several
examined manually
examined using
examined various
plans
plans goals
plans include
plans generated
plans actions
plans also
plans must
identity
identity matrix
identity uncertainty
identity function
identity relation
identity relations
identity element
adjoining
adjoining grammars
adjoining grammar
adjoining gram
adjoining operation
adjoining languages
adjoining constraints
merging
merging process
merging algorithm
merging method
merging strategies
merging step
merging methods
coherent
coherent text
coherent discourse
coherent texts
coherent segments
coherent topics
coherent sentences
enable
enable users
enable efficient
enable researchers
enable comparison
enable rapid
enable better
essentially
essentially equivalent
essentially identical
essentially based
essentially different
essentially three
essentially similar
procedures
procedures described
procedures used
procedures based
procedures like
procedures using
procedures involved
collections
collections using
collections used
collections available
collections like
collections show
collections based
physical
physical object
physical objects
physical world
physical sciences
physical review
physical entity
chance
chance agreement
chance level
chance corrected
chance baseline
chance performance
chance adjusted
stems
stems using
stems rather
stems suffixes
stems across
stems affixes
stems plus
franz
franz josef
franz joseph
franz lisp
franz alex
franz radu
franz alexander
nevertheless
nevertheless even
nevertheless since
nevertheless many
nevertheless using
nevertheless given
nevertheless results
lations
lations among
lations using
lations based
lations like
lations hold
lations without
chicago
chicago press
chicago university
chicago illinois
chicago linguistic
chicago chicago
chicago linguistics
penalty
penalty term
penalty factor
penalty feature
penalty parameter
penalty score
penalty based
region
region algebra
region specific
region around
region pointing
region within
region models
sequential
sequential labeling
sequential model
sequential minimal
sequential models
sequential patterns
sequential tagging
initially
initially empty
initially developed
initially used
initially proposed
initially trained
initially designed
edited
edited text
edited translations
edited version
edited words
edited output
edited american
respective
respective languages
respective language
respective training
respective word
respective sentences
respective test
tagset
tagset used
tagset design
tagset size
tagset petrov
tagset consists
tagset mapping
consideration
consideration since
consideration would
consideration given
consideration whether
consideration several
consideration also
italy
italy april
italy abstract
italy pages
italy http
italy marco
italy july
college
college park
college london
college dublin
college students
college university
college level
recognizer
recognizer output
recognizer finkel
recognizer using
recognizer hypotheses
recognizer trained
recognizer used
government
government binding
government project
government pattern
government documents
government information
government research
accuracies
accuracies achieved
accuracies obtained
accuracies using
accuracies compared
accuracies ranging
accuracies reported
concrete
concrete syntax
concrete example
concrete nouns
concrete concepts
concrete examples
concrete objects
judge
judge whether
judge ments
judge agreement
judge ment
judge ordered
judge similarity
costs
costs associated
costs included
costs using
costs involved
costs might
costs less
interpretations
interpretations produced
interpretations depending
interpretations given
interpretations based
interpretations conclusions
interpretations using
services
services like
services based
services provided
services research
services available
services system
percent
percent correct
percent agreement
percent points
percent ages
percent accuracy
percent precision
simpler
simpler model
simpler models
simpler ones
simpler approach
simpler task
simpler version
inputs
inputs training
inputs like
inputs outputs
inputs given
inputs using
inputs shown
regard
regard less
regard orig
regard case
regard since
regard word
regard chinese
interval
interval based
interval relations
interval scale
interval temporal
interval level
interval relation
operators
operators used
operators like
operators whose
operators must
operators applied
operators associated
kappa
kappa statistic
kappa coefficient
kappa score
kappa value
kappa values
kappa statistics
largely
largely based
largely ignored
largely independent
largely focused
largely depends
largely determined
ontologies
ontologies using
ontologies based
ontologies like
ontologies used
ontologies mapping
ontologies provide
intuition
intuition behind
intuition underlying
intuition suggests
intuition based
intuition leads
intuition since
rating
rating scales
rating scale
rating prediction
rating inference
rating based
rating scores
video
video games
video game
video data
video recordings
video retrieval
video segments
transactions
transactions data
transactions speech
transactions containing
transactions games
transactions journal
transactions acoustics
closer
closer look
closer inspection
closer examination
closer together
closer analysis
closer approximation
extremely
extremely difficult
extremely large
extremely useful
extremely important
extremely high
extremely rare
audio
audio speech
audio processing
audio files
audio data
audio visual
audio video
newspaper
newspaper articles
newspaper text
newspaper corpus
newspaper texts
newspaper corpora
newspaper article
subjectivity
subjectivity analysis
subjectivity lexicon
subjectivity classification
subjectivity detection
subjectivity sentiment
subjectivity summarization
nearest
nearest neighbor
nearest neighbors
nearest neighbours
nearest neigh
nearest integer
nearest verb
propagation
propagation algorithm
propagation method
propagation based
propagation process
propagation algorithms
propagation model
hong
hong kong
hong jiang
hong cheng
hong john
hong christian
hong peter
modality
modality annotation
modality negation
modality type
modality information
modality analysis
modality markers
consequently
consequently even
consequently many
consequently different
consequently every
consequently less
consequently word
occurred
occurred within
occurred less
occurred frequently
occurred words
occurred together
occurred prior
subsets
subsets according
subsets using
subsets called
subsets based
subsets containing
subsets corresponding
alexander
alexander koller
alexander fraser
alexander yates
alexander clark
alexander rudnicky
alexander berg
argue
argue corpus
argue however
argue away
argue instead
argue strongly
argue elsewhere
inferred
inferred using
inferred topics
inferred plan
inferred based
inferred stochastic
inferred relations
precise
precise definition
precise enough
precise information
precise description
precise nature
precise definitions
synthesis
synthesis lectures
synthesis system
synthesis systems
synthesis module
synthesis pages
synthesis component
representative
representative sample
representative examples
representative corpus
representative words
representative example
representative terms
searching
searching questions
searching algorithm
searching engine
searching process
searching space
searching using
expectation
expectation maximization
expectation based
expectation criteria
expectation semiring
expectation propagation
expectation step
systematic
systematic comparison
systematic polysemy
systematic study
systematic differences
systematic analysis
systematic errors
acceptable
acceptable level
acceptable translations
acceptable performance
acceptable quality
acceptable translation
acceptable results
berlin
berlin heidelberg
berlin germany
berlin springer
berlin pages
berlin mouton
berlin chen
bill
bill maccartney
bill dolan
bill clinton
bill keller
bill byrne
bill mann
advantages
advantages first
advantages compared
advantages include
advantages including
advantages since
advantages offered
email
email messages
email address
email corpus
email threads
email thread
email message
formalisms
formalisms like
formalisms pages
formalisms based
formalisms linguistic
formalisms used
formalisms including
initiative
initiative dialogue
initiative shifts
initiative conflicts
initiative spoken
initiative interaction
initiative dialog
enables
enables users
enables efficient
enables easy
enables researchers
enables automatic
enables better
primarily
primarily interested
primarily concerned
primarily based
primarily used
primarily focused
primarily designed
proposal
proposal distribution
proposal function
proposal made
proposal would
proposal based
proposal since
eight
eight international
eight different
eight languages
eight double
eight types
eight categories
leaf
leaf nodes
leaf node
leaf ancestor
leaf level
leaf labeled
leaf categories
particle
particle verbs
particle constructions
particle verb
particle filter
particle filters
particle filtering
dealing
dealing directly
dealing exclusively
dealing also
dealing even
dealing exactly
dealing explicitly
scene
scene generation
scene analysis
scene graph
scene description
scene descriptions
scene graphs
mann
mann william
mann publishers
mann thompson
mann editors
mann michael
mann moore
symposium
symposium pages
symposium series
symposium proceedings
symposium tokyo
symposium computational
symposium stanford
confer
confer ence
confer ences
confer orig
confer figure
confer prosodic
confer additional
focuses
focuses mainly
focuses primarily
focuses solely
focuses exclusively
focuses attention
focuses instead
dans
dans cette
dans deux
dans mikolov
dans unicode
dans baroni
dans books
solved
solved using
solved form
solved forms
solved problem
solved efficiently
solved clause
greedy
greedy algorithm
greedy search
greedy approach
greedy method
greedy feature
greedy strategy
representa
representa tion
representa tions
representa tive
representa orig
representa tional
representa tives
gains
gains obtained
gains achieved
gains across
gains using
gains made
gains could
pietra
pietra vincent
pietra stephen
pietra peter
pietra della
pietra robert
pietra john
thanks
thanks also
thanks goes
thanks michael
thanks google
thanks hong
thanks john
canonical
canonical form
canonical forms
canonical correlation
canonical word
canonical language
canonical order
expanded
expanded query
expanded using
expanded form
expanded version
expanded queries
expanded lexicon
implies
implies certain
implies much
implies better
implies either
implies lexical
implies neither
overlapping
overlapping features
overlapping words
overlapping relations
overlapping speech
overlapping annotations
overlapping spans
inspired
inspired parser
inspired approach
inspired features
inspired coherence
inspired language
inspired approaches
mass
mass noun
mass nouns
mass terms
mass count
mass media
mass function
outperform
outperform previous
outperform state
outperform existing
outperform standard
outperform models
outperform baseline
transducers
transducers using
transducers figure
transducers produced
transducers without
transducers output
transducers trained
codes
codes capable
codes assigned
codes used
codes using
codes associated
codes given
option
option tree
option would
option ally
option space
option available
option allows
connectives
connectives like
connectives discourse
connectives also
connectives annotated
connectives appear
connectives including
duration
duration information
duration distributions
duration model
duration models
duration time
duration based
wiebe
wiebe theresa
wiebe janyce
wiebe university
wiebe editors
wiebe wilson
wiebe tracking
concerning
concerning lexical
concerning word
concerning discourse
concerning semantic
concerning data
concerning different
simplification
simplification system
simplification rules
simplification operations
simplification systems
simplification task
simplification process
decrease
decrease performance
decrease significantly
decrease precision
decrease exponentially
decrease overall
decrease parsing
digital
digital libraries
digital library
digital humanities
digital camera
digital equipment
digital content
nearly
nearly identical
nearly always
nearly half
nearly every
nearly unsupervised
nearly impossible
adapt
adapt centre
adapt existing
adapt policy
adapt able
adapt language
adapt well
comprehension
comprehension questions
comprehension tests
comprehension task
comprehension system
comprehension test
comprehension process
modify
modify nouns
modify existing
modify another
modify either
modify node
modify noun
adverbs
adverbs like
adverbs adjectives
adverbs nouns
adverbs prepositions
adverbs conjunctions
adverbs verbs
formulation
formulation allows
formulation given
formulation process
formulation based
formulation rules
formulation also
linguists
linguists search
linguists working
linguists assistant
linguists interested
linguists would
linguists might
probable
probable parse
probable words
probable derivation
probable string
probable sequence
probable alignment
pendency
pendency parsing
pendency tree
pendency trees
pendency parsers
pendency relations
pendency parser
reducing
reducing annotation
reducing data
reducing redundancy
reducing human
reducing semantic
reducing lexical
causal
causal relations
causal relation
causal connectives
causal link
causal links
causal chain
proaches
proaches based
proaches using
proaches used
proaches including
proaches rely
proaches described
differs
differs significantly
differs slightly
differs considerably
differs depending
differs greatly
differs substantially
valuable
valuable comments
valuable information
valuable feedback
valuable resource
valuable suggestions
valuable discussions
continue
continue transition
continue using
continue working
continue continue
continue retain
continue smooth
utility
utility function
utility based
utility functions
utility trained
utility score
utility model
orientation
orientation applied
orientation model
orientation value
orientation links
orientation counts
orientation models
ambiguities
ambiguities using
ambiguities like
ambiguities among
ambiguities arise
ambiguities since
ambiguities based
tively
tively small
tively high
tively little
tively simple
tively trained
tively large
della
della pietra
della camera
della peter
della president
della diffi
della finished
extensions
extensions based
extensions allow
extensions would
extensions introduced
extensions include
extensions could
salient
salient features
salient words
salient information
salient entities
salient properties
salient sentences
tracking
tracking data
tracking challenge
tracking point
tracking system
tracking corpora
tracking task
sharing
sharing among
sharing information
sharing constraint
sharing common
sharing reference
sharing across
trivial
trivial task
trivial problem
trivial since
trivial case
trivial baseline
trivial cases
turkish
turkish treebank
turkish words
turkish sentences
turkish discourse
turkish english
turkish word
discussions
discussions editor
discussions among
discussions regarding
discussions table
discussions based
discussions debates
splitting
splitting algorithm
splitting method
splitting tree
splitting process
splitting sentences
splitting words
united
united states
united kingdom
united nations
united nation
united king
united flight
accu
accu racy
accu rate
accu orig
accu recursion
accu moment
accu noun
channel
channel model
channel models
channel approach
channel spelling
channel feedback
channel probabilities
interfaces
interfaces pages
interfaces using
interfaces based
interfaces figure
interfaces context
interfaces must
merged
merged together
merged ontology
merged model
merged representation
merged words
merged corpus
prototype
prototype system
prototype driven
prototype vector
prototype based
prototype implementation
prototype vectors
quickly
quickly becomes
quickly become
quickly find
quickly enough
quickly identify
quickly became
��
�� ��
�� orig
�� ���
�� ����
�� path
�� figure
tuples
tuples extracted
tuples containing
tuples generated
tuples consisting
tuples whose
tuples representing
transformations
transformations used
transformations using
transformations observed
transformations described
transformations applied
transformations found
classifying
classifying sentences
classifying words
classifying semantic
classifying temporal
classifying documents
classifying text
computers
computers studies
computers internet
computers cannot
computers helping
computers volume
computers ability
fore
fore cast
fore also
fore need
fore applying
fore going
fore ground
matter
matter whether
matter relations
matter experts
matter much
matter since
matter expert
changed
changed according
changed since
changed significantly
changed based
changed words
changed dramatically
iterative
iterative scaling
iterative process
iterative algorithm
iterative training
iterative approach
iterative procedure
stated
stated earlier
stated otherwise
stated explicitly
stated goal
stated previously
stated using
identifies
identifies words
identifies whether
identifies discourse
identifies three
identifies several
identifies semantic
virtual
virtual world
virtual environments
virtual human
virtual agents
virtual humans
virtual environment
fifth
fifth international
fifth workshop
fifth conference
fifth annual
fifth sighan
fifth generation
evalu
evalu ation
evalu ated
evalu ating
evalu ations
evalu orig
evalu ates
supports
supports multiple
supports three
supports multi
supports different
supports select
supports several
scribed
scribed earlier
scribed using
scribed speech
scribed later
scribed data
scribed previously
stroudsburg
stroudsburg pennsylvania
stroudsburg penn
president
president clinton
president bush
president vice
president obama
president bill
president kennedy
merge
merge operation
merge operations
merge clustering
merge step
merge multiple
merge algorithm
introduces
introduces noise
introduces additional
introduces many
introduces three
introduces several
introduces related
meaningful
meaningful comparison
meaningful units
meaningful words
meaningful word
meaningful results
meaningful information
terminals
terminals words
terminals symbols
terminals corresponding
terminals appearing
terminals correspond
terminals except
wise
wise mutual
wise multiplication
wise comparisons
wise comparison
wise classification
wise product
alternatives
alternatives window
alternatives like
alternatives using
alternatives based
alternatives would
alternatives could
paraphrasing
paraphrasing rules
paraphrasing pages
paraphrasing task
paraphrasing verbs
paraphrasing model
paraphrasing system
reduces
reduces error
reduces noise
reduces data
reduces perplexity
reduces errors
reduces ambiguity
configurations
configurations using
configurations based
configurations used
configurations described
configurations figure
configurations namely
indi
indi vidual
indi cates
indi cate
indi cated
indi rect
indi orig
giza
giza toolkit
giza alignments
giza word
giza alignment
giza training
giza union
singapore
singapore august
singapore singapore
singapore university
singapore management
singapore funding
singapore production
char
char acter
char acters
char align
char orig
char based
char word
charles
charles university
charles sutton
charles fillmore
charles yang
charles rich
charles street
dale
dale robert
dale johanna
dale hermann
dale reiter
dale chris
dale bonnie
deletion
deletion errors
deletion rules
deletion model
deletion rule
deletion insertion
deletion substitution
triples
triples extracted
triples consisting
triples whose
triples using
triples generated
triples representing
anonymous
anonymous reviewers
anonymous review
anonymous nodes
anonymous authors
anonymous text
anonymous reviews
education
education sentiment
education pages
education science
education research
education china
education university
jason
jason eisner
jason baldridge
jason weston
jason williams
jason smith
jason katz
thematic
thematic roles
thematic role
thematic relations
thematic structure
thematic hierarchy
thematic relation
subtrees
subtrees rooted
subtrees headed
subtrees approach
subtrees whose
subtrees associated
subtrees corresponding
really
really need
really good
really necessary
really useful
really want
really well
wish
wish corpus
wish detection
wish list
wish want
wish datasets
wish identification
morgan
morgan kaufmann
morgan editors
morgan barbara
morgan marc
morgan stanley
morgan street
selects
selects sentences
selects among
selects features
selects appropriate
selects words
selects attributes
targets
targets words
targets using
targets type
targets distance
targets extracted
targets could
placed
placed within
placed directly
placed next
placed first
placed near
placed together
maxent
maxent model
maxent discriminative
maxent classifier
maxent models
maxent based
maxent classifiers
pitch
pitch accent
pitch accents
pitch range
pitch slope
pitch level
pitch mean
risk
risk decoding
risk minimization
risk training
risk factors
risk factor
risk assessment
fail
fail soft
fail since
fail orig
fail else
fail completely
fail fail
gorithm
gorithm described
gorithm based
gorithm using
gorithm uses
gorithm used
gorithm requires
maximal
maximal number
maximal length
maximal projection
maximal marginal
maximal projections
maximal score
expensive
expensive process
expensive task
expensive operation
expensive beer
expensive human
expensive manual
centre
centre europe
centre university
centre national
centre school
centre singapore
centre italy
exploring
exploring different
exploring various
exploring attitude
exploring content
exploring ways
exploring methods
atomic
atomic features
atomic feature
atomic values
atomic categories
atomic types
atomic formula
food
food quality
food items
food type
food item
food service
food restaurant
locations
locations organizations
locations within
locations dates
locations based
locations times
locations across
port
port vector
port land
port results
port verb
port vectors
port authority
causes
causes problems
causes many
causes cancer
causes difficulties
causes errors
causes large
consistently
consistently better
consistently outperforms
consistently improves
consistently higher
consistently outperform
consistently across
mathematical
mathematical linguistics
mathematical statistics
mathematical theory
mathematical model
mathematical sciences
mathematical programming
empirically
empirically based
empirically determined
empirically derived
empirically evaluate
empirically show
empirically observed
stand
stand alone
stand point
stand orig
stand respectively
stand whether
stand chair
country
country spain
country names
country name
country university
country orig
country region
display
display results
display window
display screen
display mode
display system
display different
reach
reach state
reach significance
reach high
reach able
reach good
reach better
unfortunately
unfortunately many
unfortunately however
unfortunately none
unfortunately even
unfortunately since
unfortunately neither
zhao
zhao jing
zhao ming
zhao chang
zhao zhao
zhao matthias
zhao bing
tial
tial state
tial model
tial information
tial relations
tial parsing
tial parse
prefer
prefer ences
prefer ence
prefer able
prefer shorter
prefer ably
prefer short
allen
allen james
allen university
allen computer
allen institute
allen george
allen marc
intersection
intersection union
intersection algorithm
intersection method
intersection based
intersection grammar
intersection graph
wall
wall street
wall time
wall orig
wall symbol
wall robert
wall around
stance
stance classification
stance towards
stance classifier
stance labels
stance selection
stance taking
correlations
correlations among
correlations obtained
correlations across
correlations using
correlations reported
correlations table
stories
stories using
stories written
stories containing
stories anna
stories based
stories generated
lowest
lowest level
lowest common
lowest cost
lowest score
lowest scoring
lowest frequency
vice
vice versa
vice president
vice verse
vice chair
vice ontology
vice chief
gets
gets worse
gets better
gets higher
gets larger
gets assigned
gets smaller
worth
worth noting
worth mentioning
worth pointing
worth exploring
worth investigating
worth considering
sophisticated
sophisticated methods
sophisticated models
sophisticated features
sophisticated approach
sophisticated approaches
sophisticated linguistic
determiner
determiner errors
determiner noun
determiner error
determiner phrase
determiner selection
determiner adjective
store
store information
store data
store element
store partial
store probabilities
store sbar
sigir
sigir conference
sigir pages
sigir confer
sigir forum
sigir workshop
sigir conf
ters
ters thesis
ters using
ters including
ters according
ters brown
ters like
capable
capable adjective
capable cross
capable enough
capable figure
capable knowledge
capable system
indirect
indirect object
indirect speech
indirect answers
indirect objects
indirect anaphora
indirect negative
introducing
introducing additional
introducing semantic
introducing noise
introducing errors
introducing syntactic
introducing latent
yarowsky
yarowsky david
yarowsky algorithm
yarowsky johns
yarowsky prop
yarowsky editors
yarowsky department
carroll
carroll john
carroll university
carroll jennifer
carroll briscoe
carroll acquisition
carroll james
uation
uation metrics
uation metric
uation measures
uation results
uation lrec
uation pages
paired
paired bootstrap
paired comparison
paired names
paired samples
paired permutation
paired sentences
rows
rows show
rows represent
rows correspond
rows labeled
rows indicate
rows marked
evalua
evalua tion
evalua tions
evalua orig
evalua tors
evalua tive
evalua calls
resolved
resolved using
resolved correctly
resolved without
resolved questions
resolved within
resolved anaphors
green
green method
green nizar
green ideas
green line
green university
green nodes
barzilay
barzilay regina
barzilay kathleen
barzilay massachusetts
barzilay computer
barzilay david
barzilay mckeown
mihalcea
mihalcea university
mihalcea rada
mihalcea janyce
mihalcea german
mihalcea ravi
mihalcea department
binding
binding theory
binding events
binding constraints
binding event
binding principle
binding principles
divergence
divergence measure
divergence measures
divergence types
divergence score
divergence based
divergence kullback
historical
historical linguistics
historical texts
historical text
historical data
historical language
historical documents
europarl
europarl corpus
europarl data
europarl koehn
europarl news
europarl parallel
europarl training
ther
ther improve
ther research
ther improvement
ther analysis
ther work
ther processing
adam
adam meyers
adam kilgarriff
adam lopez
adam berger
adam vogel
adam corpus
distinctions
distinctions among
distinctions made
distinctions within
distinctions based
distinctions could
distinctions required
learns
learns whats
learns word
learns rules
learns patterns
learns semantic
learns weights
optimized
optimized using
optimized lattice
optimized feature
optimized parameters
optimized weights
optimized towards
asso
asso ciation
asso ciated
asso orig
asso cation
asso proaches
clues
clues used
clues like
clues given
clues indicating
clues using
clues could
hypernym
hypernym hyponym
hypernym relations
hypernym extraction
hypernym relation
hypernym discovery
hypernym labeled
genres
genres including
genres newswire
genres media
genres like
genres news
genres registers
tries
tries based
tries contain
tries including
tries respectively
tries whose
tries would
isbn
isbn model
isbn architecture
isbn parser
isbn models
isbn dependency
isbn titov
modeled
modeled using
modeled separately
modeled directly
modeled explicitly
modeled independently
modeled within
reliability
reliability measure
reliability score
reliability measures
reliability scores
reliability studies
reliability study
manager
manager module
manager uses
manager also
manager tool
manager component
manager needs
controlled
controlled language
controlled vocabulary
controlled natural
controlled english
controlled experiments
controlled languages
tain
tain threshold
tain information
tain words
tain amount
tain word
tain cases
captured
captured using
captured within
captured well
captured without
captured even
captured explicitly
curve
curve shows
curve represents
curve fitting
curve experiments
curve indicates
curve corresponds
josef
josef stefan
josef christoph
josef hermann
josef computing
josef caroline
josef genabith
corrected
corrected sentence
corrected sentences
corrected manually
corrected version
corrected using
corrected data
captures
captures information
captures many
captures whether
captures word
captures different
captures important
density
density languages
density function
density estimation
density language
density based
density functions
emotions
emotions expressed
emotions using
emotions anger
emotions like
emotions based
emotions evaluations
urdu
urdu english
urdu language
urdu text
urdu word
urdu words
urdu hindi
cohesion
cohesion based
cohesion constraint
cohesion computed
cohesion devices
cohesion graph
cohesion model
predictive
predictive power
predictive features
predictive model
predictive value
predictive models
predictive performance
challenging
challenging task
challenging problem
challenging since
challenging tasks
challenging problems
challenging research
covers
covers many
covers cases
covers several
covers three
covers exactly
covers almost
assumes
assumes independence
assumes knowledge
assumes access
assumes conditional
assumes different
assumes perfect
salience
salience score
salience based
salience factors
salience scores
salience values
salience metrics
jointly
jointly learning
jointly model
jointly modeling
jointly trained
jointly learn
jointly identifying
offers
offers several
offers many
offers significant
offers three
offers high
offers much
products
products reviews
products based
products services
products using
products attributes
products like
extensive
extensive experiments
extensive evaluation
extensive analysis
extensive empirical
extensive research
extensive knowledge
hearer
hearer knows
hearer must
hearer believes
hearer salience
hearer identify
hearer presupposition
absence
absence absent
absence presence
absence might
absence indicator
absence leads
absence respectively
finds
finds many
finds words
finds candidate
finds clusters
finds another
finds good
throughout
throughout including
throughout training
throughout europe
throughout section
throughout time
throughout except
disease
disease names
disease name
disease mentions
disease symptom
disease mention
disease related
considers
considers every
considers three
considers different
considers features
considers whether
considers words
focusing
focusing frameworks
focusing heuristics
focusing mechanism
focusing framework
focusing algorithm
focusing factors
antecedents
antecedents within
antecedents slot
antecedents using
antecedents beyond
antecedents must
antecedents list
tsujii
tsujii university
tsujii laboratory
tsujii feature
tsujii department
tsujii junichi
tsujii microsoft
connection
connection graph
connection path
connection structure
connection strength
connection weights
connection science
readings
readings including
readings depending
readings derived
readings however
readings rather
readings cannot
tained
tained using
tained within
tained results
tained without
tained better
tained good
gildea
gildea daniel
gildea university
gildea jurafsky
gildea department
gildea computer
gildea grammar
brief
brief overview
brief description
brief introduction
brief discussion
brief summary
brief review
shorter
shorter sentences
shorter ones
shorter words
shorter phrases
shorter sentence
shorter length
rouge
rouge scores
rouge score
rouge metrics
rouge evaluation
rouge metric
rouge results
partition
partition function
partition based
partition functions
partition func
partition structure
partition class
liang
liang huang
liang zhou
liang chih
liang michael
liang alexandre
liang taylor
lengths
lengths ranging
lengths measured
lengths number
lengths greater
lengths range
lengths since
leaves
leaves open
leaves room
leaves much
leaves correspond
leaves many
leaves dominated
tuple
tuple extraction
tuple structure
tuple consisting
tuple sequence
tuple containing
tuple representation
optional
optional mailing
optional arguments
optional elements
optional parts
optional infinitive
optional rules
theorem
theorem proving
theorem states
theorem theorem
theorem follows
theorem shows
theorem holds
existence
existence action
existence proof
existence living
existence condition
existence conditions
existence depends
filled
filled pauses
filled pause
filled slots
filled templates
filled template
filled slot
layers
layers including
layers provide
layers could
layers detecting
layers using
layers figure
supervision
supervision signal
supervision using
supervision approach
supervision assumption
supervision strategy
supervision approaches
flat
flat structure
flat model
flat features
flat representation
flat clustering
flat list
prop
prop erties
prop bank
prop orig
prop proper
prop name
prop prop
categorial
categorial grammar
categorial grammars
categorial gram
categorial type
categorial unification
categorial semantics
incomplete
incomplete data
incomplete sentences
incomplete constituents
incomplete information
incomplete knowledge
incomplete sentence
indicators
indicators used
indicators listed
indicators improving
indicators like
indicators found
indicators based
scored
scored using
scored higher
scored according
scored based
scored highest
scored sentences
ensemble
ensemble learning
ensemble methods
ensemble method
ensemble model
ensemble based
ensemble system
stands
stands alone
stands apart
stands outside
stands computational
stands could
stands either
bases
bases like
bases interpreting
bases pages
bases using
bases including
bases used
completed
completed parse
completed work
completed within
completed successfully
completed edges
completed using
referential
referential expressions
referential links
referential coherence
referential expression
referential translation
referential clarity
associations
associations among
associations based
associations norms
associations obtained
associations produced
associations rather
movement
movement rules
movement control
movement data
movement patterns
movement based
movement verbs
unigrams
unigrams bigrams
unigrams word
unigrams plus
unigrams single
unigrams alone
unigrams features
reached
reached using
reached without
reached even
reached high
reached state
reached statistical
filtered
filtered using
filtered data
filtered list
filtered according
filtered based
filtered candidate
force
force research
force cambridge
force office
force approach
force behind
force dynamics
diverse
diverse range
diverse languages
diverse sources
diverse information
diverse linguistic
diverse types
citation
citation form
citation context
citation analysis
citation contexts
citation function
citation index
marking
marking strategy
marking rules
marking system
marking words
marking case
marking prepositions
proba
proba bility
proba bilistic
proba bilities
proba orig
proba tional
fashion
fashion using
fashion similar
fashion without
fashion starting
fashion based
fashion allowing
assignments
assignments made
assignments given
assignments within
assignments using
assignments called
assignments must
psychology
psychology university
psychology learning
psychology press
psychology general
psychology human
psychology pages
adverb
adverb verb
adverb phrase
adverb adjective
adverb noun
adverb phrases
adverb preposition
devel
devel opment
devel oped
devel oper
devel orig
devel test
devel accessible
fails
fails parsing
fails since
fails otherwise
fails completely
fails test
fails either
informatics
informatics university
informatics association
informatics kyoto
informatics pages
informatics research
informatics institute
shop
shop pages
shop ping
shop companion
shop proceedings
shop shared
shop closing
ness
ness problem
ness function
ness score
ness measures
ness constraints
ness measure
satisfy
satisfy certain
satisfy multiple
satisfy constraints
satisfy condition
satisfy user
satisfy constraint
accept
accept able
accept reject
accept ability
accept except
accept orig
accept question
extracts
extracts information
extracts features
extracts sentences
extracts many
extracts semantic
extracts important
tent
tent words
tent dirichlet
tent semantic
tent selection
tent word
tent variables
benefits
benefits payment
benefits greatly
benefits including
benefits gate
benefits would
benefits could
ellipsis
ellipsis resolution
ellipsis handling
ellipsis processing
ellipsis site
ellipsis detection
ellipsis occurs
business
business meeting
business class
business school
business news
business intelligence
business manager
understood
understood correctly
understood without
understood even
understood well
understood within
understood problem
nonterminal
nonterminal symbols
nonterminal symbol
nonterminal labels
nonterminal nodes
nonterminal node
nonterminal label
estimating
estimating word
estimating probabilities
estimating parameters
estimating upper
estimating semantic
estimating power
inverse
inverse document
inverse purity
inverse selectional
inverse relations
inverse relation
inverse rank
publications
publications stanford
publications received
publications available
publications annual
publications chair
publications chairs
martha
martha palmer
martha stone
martha daniel
martha francis
martha hwee
martha julia
ending
ending language
ending guessing
ending time
ending position
ending word
ending learning
subcategorization
subcategorization frames
subcategorization frame
subcategorization information
subcategorization acquisition
subcategorization preference
subcategorization patterns
fellbaum
fellbaum editor
fellbaum christiane
fellbaum princeton
fellbaum scott
fellbaum anne
fellbaum daniel
judged
judged correct
judged whether
judged better
judged relevant
judged based
judged incorrect
movie
movie reviews
movie review
movie domain
movie database
movie name
movie scripts
rect
rect object
rect answer
rect translation
rect answers
rect word
rect sense
population
population track
population size
population frequencies
population parameters
population level
population based
tokenization
tokenization part
tokenization scheme
tokenization sentence
tokenization lemmatization
tokenization process
tokenization ambiguity
precisely
precisely defined
precisely given
precisely define
precisely described
precisely specified
precisely characterize
considerable
considerable amount
considerable attention
considerable interest
considerable number
considerable improvement
considerable effort
cess
cess rate
cess rates
cess starts
cess involves
cess using
cess consists
specialized
specialized domains
specialized domain
specialized models
specialized texts
specialized knowledge
specialized language
flow
flow graph
flow chart
flow diagram
flow method
flow network
flow problem
problematic
problematic cases
problematic situations
problematic since
problematic issues
problematic case
problematic examples
lecture
lecture notes
lecture speech
lecture transcripts
lecture segmentation
lecture data
lecture content
suggestions
suggestions made
suggestions provided
suggestions regarding
suggestions concerning
suggestions based
suggestions using
apart
apart ment
apart form
apart friday
apart ments
apart especially
apart meaning
conf
conf computational
conf orig
conf score
conf reject
conf request
conf including
matrices
matrices representing
matrices using
matrices obtained
matrices whose
matrices respectively
matrices based
recorded
recorded speech
recorded using
recorded data
recorded audio
recorded human
recorded dialogues
publishers
publishers dordrecht
publishers boston
publishers london
publishers studies
publishers text
publishers oxford
patrick
patrick pantel
patrick hanks
patrick saint
patrick nguyen
patrick wang
patrick olivier
pivot
pivot language
pivot features
pivot translation
pivot languages
pivot based
pivot target
standards
standards chinese
standards organization
standards based
standards initiative
standards used
standards development
hermann
hermann paris
hermann phil
hermann edward
hermann classification
hermann department
hermann google
inclusion
inclusion relation
inclusion rate
inclusion relations
inclusion hypotheses
inclusion rates
inclusion criteria
argu
argu ment
argu ments
argu mentation
argu orig
argu ably
argu argu
anal
anal ysis
anal orig
anal always
anal analysis
anal difficult
anal erated
hebrew
hebrew university
hebrew treebank
hebrew text
hebrew morphological
hebrew word
hebrew words
integrate
integrate information
integrate multiple
integrate different
integrate syntactic
integrate semantic
integrate linguistic
sites
sites like
sites using
sites within
sites blogs
sites could
sites figure
philip
philip resnik
philip edmonds
philip williams
philip koehn
philip cohen
philip stuart
package
package version
package http
package chang
package joachims
package pedersen
package mccallum
handled
handled using
handled differently
handled separately
handled correctly
handled well
handled similarly
vowels
vowels consonants
vowels phonemes
vowels within
vowels would
vowels found
vowels like
command
command line
command language
command relations
command relation
command based
command name
edition
edition edition
edition published
edition corpus
edition morgan
edition pages
edition july
immediate
immediate context
immediate dominance
immediate left
immediate head
immediate constituents
immediate future
intention
intention recognition
intention based
intention behind
intention modeling
intention simulation
intention prediction
represen
represen tation
represen tations
represen orig
represen tational
represen ting
represen ation
simultaneously
simultaneously learning
simultaneously learn
simultaneously using
simultaneously learns
simultaneously bracketing
simultaneously model
mechanisms
mechanisms used
mechanisms involved
mechanisms described
mechanisms must
mechanisms provided
mechanisms underlying
blocks
blocks world
blocks based
blocks along
blocks using
blocks within
blocks algorithm
worst
worst case
worst performance
worst results
worst performing
worst possible
worst cases
powerful
powerful enough
powerful tool
powerful method
powerful model
powerful features
powerful language
mail
mail address
mail journals
mail delivery
mail messages
mail system
mail stop
changing
changing rules
changing events
changing operations
changing world
changing information
changing trend
duced
duced using
duced word
duced clusters
duced feature
duced senses
duced representations
fold
fold cross
fold first
fold increase
fold validation
fold experiment
fold transformation
belongs
belongs also
belongs either
belongs together
belongs using
belongs given
belongs respectively
columbia
columbia university
columbia canada
columbia arabic
columbia maryland
columbia vancouver
columbia games
color
color terms
color coded
color size
color coding
color emotion
color blue
extending
extending database
extending phrasal
extending wordnet
extending focusing
extending statistical
extending word
conversations
conversations using
conversations based
conversations among
conversations gabriel
conversations involving
conversations recorded
jones
jones university
jones karen
jones mark
jones industrial
jones benjamin
jones computer
quantitative
quantitative evaluation
quantitative analysis
quantitative results
quantitative linguistics
quantitative data
quantitative measure
walk
walk model
walk based
walk models
walk algorithm
walk inference
walk method
appearing
appearing within
appearing less
appearing together
appearing frequently
appearing earlier
appearing words
dagan
dagan oren
dagan bill
dagan lillian
dagan church
dagan alon
dagan marcus
gradient
gradient descent
gradient based
gradient boosting
gradient methods
gradient method
gradient algorithms
expressing
expressing doubt
expressing sentences
expressing opinions
expressing rhetorical
expressing surprise
expressing negative
behaviour
behaviour research
behaviour change
behaviour could
behaviour using
behaviour across
behaviour based
lowing
lowing example
lowing features
lowing section
lowing steps
lowing sections
lowing three
matic
matic evaluation
matic speech
matic roles
matic summarization
matic extraction
matic classification
hours
hours studied
hours using
hours later
hours days
hours figure
hours spent
chair
chair university
chair secretary
chair chair
chair program
chair david
chair welcome
establish
establish whether
establish semantic
establish links
establish correspondences
establish ment
establish relations
compares
compares different
compares well
compares favor
compares several
compares results
compares performance
failure
failure rate
failure analysis
failure transitions
failure rates
failure cases
failure generating
goes
goes beyond
goes back
goes well
goes along
goes wrong
goes hand
inferences
inferences based
inferences made
inferences drawn
inferences associated
inferences using
inferences involving
double
double propagation
double blind
double object
double array
double annotation
double room
papineni
papineni salim
papineni kishore
papineni roukos
papineni personal
papineni todd
papineni session
automaton
automaton grammars
automaton based
automaton representing
automaton whose
automaton states
automaton accepting
separated
separated words
separated verb
separated feature
separated clusters
separated tokens
separated fields
australia
australia july
australia december
australia pages
australia university
australia august
australia mark
tokyo
tokyo japan
tokyo institute
tokyo september
tokyo tokyo
tokyo university
tokyo research
december
december twenty
december chinese
december delivery
december october
december seven
december train
platform
platform independent
platform provides
platform independence
platform based
platform specific
platform using
newswire
newswire text
newswire articles
newswire data
newswire texts
newswire domain
newswire corpus
greatly
greatly improve
greatly improved
greatly reduced
greatly reduces
greatly reduce
greatly improves
interpret
interpret topic
interpret natural
interpret utterances
interpret sentences
interpret correctly
interpret user
picture
picture game
picture quality
picture shows
picture books
picture tells
picture description
tell
tell whether
tell apart
tell stories
tell action
tell anyone
tell discourse
clus
clus tering
clus ters
clus tered
clus orig
clus induc
clus features
determines
determines whether
determines inter
determines sentence
determines actions
determines semantic
determines word
expres
expres sions
expres sion
expres sive
expres orig
expres tions
compatible
compatible relations
compatible semantic
compatible brackets
compatible labels
compatible uima
compatible avec
crfs
crfs lafferty
crfs model
crfs based
crfs training
crfs using
crfs models
essays
essays written
essays across
essays using
essays based
essays collected
essays used
redundancy
redundancy elimination
redundancy removal
redundancy detection
redundancy among
redundancy rules
redundancy based
sixth
sixth international
sixth workshop
sixth message
sixth conference
sixth annual
sixth interna
kong
kong china
kong university
kong october
kong hong
kong news
kong research
receive
receive high
receive different
receive higher
receive feedback
receive lower
receive information
resulted
resulted vectors
resulted category
resulted even
resulted score
resulted better
resulted constrained
trend
trend information
trend towards
trend analysis
trend toward
trend detection
trend strength
quence
quence data
quence labeling
quence model
quence alignment
quence models
quence labelling
inflectional
inflectional morphology
inflectional features
inflectional affixes
inflectional forms
inflectional paradigms
inflectional languages
tends
tends towards
tends toward
tends previous
tends several
tends together
tends value
submission
submission received
submission test
submission track
submission format
submission system
submission batch
backward
backward algorithm
backward looking
backward application
backward probabilities
backward composition
backward transliteration
extrac
extrac tion
extrac tive
extrac tions
extrac tors
extrac orig
extrac extrac
usual
usual manner
usual approach
usual practice
usual sense
usual case
usual definition
baldwin
baldwin francis
baldwin university
baldwin timothy
baldwin colin
baldwin department
baldwin paul
dates
dates back
dates times
dates numbers
dates based
dates extracted
dates using
reflects
reflects different
reflects real
reflects word
reflects lexical
reflects linguistic
reflects syntactic
subtask
subtask tree
subtask structure
subtask labels
subtask label
subtask segmentation
subtask dimension
bold
bold face
bold font
bold faced
bold indicates
bold numbers
bold type
brackets
brackets indicate
brackets around
brackets denote
brackets respectively
brackets rate
brackets represent
voting
voting scheme
voting method
voting system
voting classifier
voting methods
voting algorithm
closest
closest antecedent
closest match
closest first
closest preceding
closest work
closest reference
beijing
beijing china
beijing august
beijing university
beijing language
beijing institute
beijing city
pose
pose problems
pose challenges
pose difficulties
pose special
pose questions
pose different
adaptive
adaptive text
adaptive learning
adaptive statistical
adaptive information
adaptive language
adaptive system
pora
pora pages
pora using
pora used
pora exploiting
pora annotated
pora available
wilson
wilson janyce
wilson wiebe
wilson theresa
wilson rebecca
wilson paul
wilson university
india
india december
india january
india bangalore
india program
india private
india research
sented
sented using
sented results
sented approach
sented text
sented together
sented algorithms
square
square brackets
square root
square test
square error
square cambridge
square matrix
political
political science
political party
political entity
political blogs
political blog
political debates
whenever
whenever possible
whenever possi
whenever necessary
whenever appropriate
whenever available
whenever applicable
variance
variance across
variance model
variance among
variance based
variance explained
variance values
christian
christian raymond
christian becker
christian david
christian church
christian fellbaum
christian m¨uller
distribu
distribu tion
distribu tional
distribu tions
distribu orig
distribu tionally
distribu tive
home
home page
home pages
home system
home automation
home port
home world
sible
sible values
sible translations
sible ways
sible word
sible reason
sible tags
paragraphs
paragraphs containing
paragraphs sentences
paragraphs using
paragraphs rather
paragraphs within
paragraphs contain
pittsburgh
pittsburgh pittsburgh
pittsburgh pennsylvania
pittsburgh university
pittsburgh june
pittsburgh press
pittsburgh department
signed
signed rank
signed ranks
signed network
signed social
signed distance
signed networks
eisner
eisner jason
eisner algorithm
eisner johns
eisner model
eisner satta
eisner department
obviously
obviously different
obviously depends
obviously much
obviously many
obviously cannot
obviously incorrect
originally
originally developed
originally proposed
originally designed
originally introduced
originally used
originally intended
grouped
grouped together
grouped according
grouped based
grouped using
grouped within
grouped words
jean
jean carletta
jean pierre
jean philippe
jean yves
jean louis
jean marc
south
south africa
south korea
south street
south asian
south african
south east
experimented
experimented using
experimented adding
experimented also
experimented different
experimented models
experimented several
updated
updated version
updated according
updated using
updated based
updated every
updated model
prolog
prolog based
prolog implementation
prolog terms
prolog like
prolog clauses
prolog code
amsterdam
amsterdam philadelphia
amsterdam john
amsterdam netherlands
amsterdam pages
amsterdam north
amsterdam amsterdam
considerably
considerably lower
considerably better
considerably higher
considerably less
considerably larger
considerably smaller
fundamental
fundamental frequency
fundamental problem
fundamental task
fundamental research
fundamental difference
fundamental problems
plausible
plausible inference
plausible explanation
plausible interpretation
plausible alternatives
plausible candidates
plausible model
stream
stream based
stream counts
stream data
stream applications
stream decoding
stream size
purely
purely syntactic
purely statistical
purely lexical
purely linguistic
purely semantic
purely based
party
party dialogues
party dialogue
party conversation
party conversations
party interaction
party meetings
british
british national
british columbia
british english
british journal
british library
british medical
anaphor
anaphor resolution
anaphor antecedent
anaphor candidate
anaphor detection
anaphor type
anaphor generation
insertion
insertion deletion
insertion grammars
insertion grammar
insertion errors
insertion substitution
insertion model
integer
integer linear
integer programming
integer program
integer valued
integer values
integer value
screen
screen shot
screen output
screen devices
screen reader
screen keyboard
screen size
phonology
phonology pages
phonology morphology
phonology recognition
phonology interface
phonology syntax
phonology proceedings
shape
shape features
shape tokens
shape token
shape based
shape size
shape similarity
kept
kept separate
kept constant
kept fixed
kept track
kept unchanged
kept together
impossible
impossible without
impossible antecedents
impossible task
impossible since
impossible even
impossible combinations
intuitively
intuitively appealing
intuitively plausible
intuitively clear
intuitively speaking
intuitively correct
intuitively expect
comprehensive
comprehensive grammar
comprehensive survey
comprehensive verb
comprehensive study
comprehensive evaluation
comprehensive overview
nested
nested structures
nested within
nested structure
nested dependency
nested entities
nested named
funded
funded project
funded projects
funded research
funded partially
funded within
funded impact
recog
recog nition
recog orig
recog response
recog contains
recog distributional
recog features
adequate
adequate representation
adequate translation
adequate treatment
adequate model
adequate training
adequate level
psychological
psychological review
psychological bulletin
psychological measurement
psychological science
psychological reality
psychological experiments
discusses
discusses related
discusses future
discusses previous
discusses various
discusses several
discusses possible
sydney
sydney australia
sydney july
sydney university
sydney sydney
sydney december
sydney language
freely
freely available
freely avail
freely accessible
freely downloaded
freely distributed
freely choose
trade
trade names
trade name
trade center
trade commission
trade agreement
trade precision
distinguishing
distinguishing description
distinguishing features
distinguishing feature
distinguishing descriptions
distinguishing senses
distinguishing graph
grid
grid search
grid model
grid based
grid service
grid computing
grid point
individuals
individuals classes
individuals involved
individuals based
individuals within
individuals relations
individuals share
adds
adds another
adds additional
adds information
adds features
adds extra
adds noise
correctness
correctness score
correctness scores
correctness rate
correctness measure
correctness proof
correctness model
essay
essay scoring
essay grading
essay scores
essay writing
essay data
essay evaluation
pustejovsky
pustejovsky james
pustejovsky patrick
pustejovsky editors
pustejovsky jos´e
pustejovsky assessing
pustejovsky catherine
exception
exception list
exception dictionary
exception rules
exception rather
exception handling
exception lists
obtaining
obtaining better
obtaining good
obtaining high
obtaining word
obtaining training
obtaining information
steedman
steedman mark
steedman university
steedman james
steedman ccgbank
steedman editors
steedman school
classical
classical chinese
classical arabic
classical logic
classical relations
classical compounds
classical approaches
boston
boston massachusetts
boston university
boston kluwer
boston mass
boston directions
boston john
accurately
accurately predict
accurately identify
accurately reflect
accurately estimate
accurately model
accurately represent
copy
copy without
copy otherwise
copy language
copy right
copy editor
copy subject
massachusetts
massachusetts institute
massachusetts june
massachusetts avenue
massachusetts august
massachusetts london
massachusetts july
scenarios
scenarios involving
scenarios used
scenarios like
scenarios using
scenarios including
scenarios however
tations
tations using
tations based
tations obtained
tations provided
tations associated
tations contain
vertices
vertices represent
vertices correspond
vertices representing
vertices using
vertices corresponding
vertices whose
maximize
maximize bleu
maximize likelihood
maximize performance
maximize accuracy
maximize conditional
maximize recall
concerns
concerns whether
concerns cases
concerns related
concerns different
concerns regarding
concerns raised
specifies
specifies whether
specifies either
specifies three
specifies exactly
specifies four
specifies negative
requirement
requirement must
requirement also
requirement makes
requirement since
requirement ensures
requirement means
shen
shen christine
shen david
shen wade
shen chris
shen xiang
shen huang
sparsity
sparsity problem
sparsity issues
sparsity problems
sparsity issue
sparsity inducing
sparsity constraints
axis
axis shows
axis represents
axis indicates
axis denotes
axis corresponds
axis relation
retrieve
retrieve documents
retrieve relevant
retrieve information
retrieve sentences
retrieve images
retrieve articles
counting
counting approach
counting method
counting based
counting occurrences
counting word
counting words
transformed
transformed grammar
transformed trees
transformed tree
transformed space
transformed using
transformed data
trying
trying different
trying every
trying first
trying hard
trying even
trying ideas
syllables
syllables rather
syllables within
syllables cover
syllables following
syllables related
syllables using
correlated
correlated features
correlated topic
correlated proportions
correlated words
correlated pairs
correlated semantic
guistic
guistic features
guistic knowledge
guistic data
guistic information
guistic analysis
guistic resources
orthographic
orthographic features
orthographic similarity
orthographic form
orthographic errors
orthographic rules
orthographic word
price
price range
price listed
price movement
price lists
price movements
price paid
thereby
thereby making
thereby reducing
thereby allowing
thereby providing
thereby avoiding
thereby increasing
located
located within
located near
located object
located inside
located close
located outside
static
static relations
static knowledge
static relation
static cache
static features
static analysis
conjunctions
conjunctions prepositions
conjunctions like
conjunctions using
conjunctions conj
conjunctions relative
conjunctions determiners
plays
plays important
plays exactly
plays role
plays within
plays word
plays figure
ranks
ranks test
ranks candidate
ranks higher
ranks first
ranks algorithm
ranks given
strictly
strictly speaking
strictly local
strictly necessary
strictly projective
strictly greater
strictly left
uppsala
uppsala sweden
uppsala university
uppsala july
uppsala chair
uppsala persian
uppsala uppsala
expand
expand model
expand upon
expand approach
expand plan
expand query
expand coverage
incorporated
incorporated directly
incorporated within
incorporated information
incorporated using
incorporated several
incorporated without
lafferty
lafferty andrew
lafferty john
lafferty robert
lafferty mccallum
lafferty david
lafferty carnegie
netherlands
netherlands organization
netherlands pages
netherlands organisation
netherlands academy
netherlands abstract
netherlands january
hirst
hirst graeme
hirst university
hirst department
hirst volume
hirst lexical
hirst goal
blog
blog posts
blog data
blog post
blog entries
blog corpus
blog track
fernando
fernando pereira
fernando martinez
fernando thought
fernando computer
fernando cruz
fernando costa
indices
indices associated
indices corresponding
indices indicate
indices used
indices indicating
indices representing
appendix
appendix shows
appendix figure
appendix table
appendix provides
appendix sample
appendix contains
petrov
petrov ryan
petrov slav
petrov parser
petrov michael
petrov google
petrov john
proposes
proposes using
proposes three
proposes candidate
proposes several
proposes future
proposes another
facilitate
facilitate comparison
facilitate learning
facilitate future
facilitate comparisons
facilitate research
facilitate knowledge
descriptive
descriptive statistics
descriptive power
descriptive text
descriptive texts
descriptive information
descriptive linguistics
skip
skip gram
skip chain
skip bigram
skip bigrams
skip grams
skip edges
educational
educational applications
educational testing
educational research
educational psychology
educational technology
educational data
late
late payment
late fusion
late closure
late breaking
late stage
late morning
moves
moves away
moves beyond
moves towards
moves along
moves forward
moves within
communicative
communicative goals
communicative goal
communicative acts
communicative functions
communicative function
communicative intentions
front
front back
front ends
front cover
front page
front vowels
front vowel
comment
comment level
comment polarity
comment section
comment structure
comment writer
comment argument
overcome
overcome data
overcome problems
overcome sparsity
overcome using
overcome many
overcome errors
sampled
sampled data
sampled using
sampled sentences
sampled randomly
sampled according
sampled training
simulation
simulation results
simulation based
simulation models
simulation model
simulation techniques
simulation experiments
motion
motion verbs
motion capture
motion event
motion events
motion verb
motion path
activities
activities including
activities like
activities within
activities include
activities using
activities involved
addi
addi tional
addi tion
addi tionally
addi orig
addi tive
addi tions
deter
deter mine
deter mined
deter mining
deter orig
deter children
deter copying
tune
tune parameters
tune test
tune trans
tune bleu
tune weights
tune feature
dual
dual decomposition
dual problem
dual variables
dual form
dual space
dual supervision
opposed
opposed adjectives
opposed synsets
opposed tweets
opposed versions
opposed views
opposed another
appeared
appeared among
appeared together
appeared less
appeared frequently
appeared first
appeared previously
constituency
constituency based
constituency parsing
constituency trees
constituency tree
constituency parser
constituency parsers
redundant
redundant information
redundant features
redundant views
redundant sentences
redundant utterances
redundant words
curves
curves show
curves shown
curves showing
curves using
curves indicate
curves represent
morphologically
morphologically rich
morphologically complex
morphologically related
morphologically analyzed
morphologically derived
morphologically annotated
sessions
sessions pages
sessions sydney
sessions coling
sessions prague
sessions page
sessions held
affected
affected argument
affected entity
affected object
affected much
affected negatively
affected role
quantifier
quantifier scope
quantifier scoping
quantifier free
quantifier raising
quantifier phrase
quantifier phrases
maria
maria popescu
maria lapata
maria simi
maria jos´e
maria maria
maria john
interna
interna tional
interna orig
interna tion
interna tionally
interna international
interna para
straints
straints imposed
straints based
straints could
straints within
straints apply
straints among
micro
micro averaged
micro average
micro blog
micro level
micro blogs
micro averaging
orders
orders must
orders directly
orders among
orders given
orders model
orders across
referents
referents easy
referents introduced
referents must
referents could
referents mentioned
referents using
dialect
dialect identification
dialect data
dialect adaptation
dialect specific
dialect classification
dialect variation
steven
steven bird
steven abney
steven bethard
steven baker
steven moran
steven carroll
neighbors
neighbors averaging
neighbors according
neighbors using
neighbors based
neighbors must
neighbors towards
places
places organizations
places within
places stress
places constraints
places emphasis
places like
gloss
gloss line
gloss vector
gloss overlaps
gloss overlap
gloss words
gloss based
serves
serves indian
serves many
serves several
serves mainly
serves primarily
serves well
tutorial
tutorial dialogue
tutorial abstracts
tutorial dialogues
tutorial chairs
tutorial sessions
tutorial dialog
scott
scott miller
scott martin
scott counts
scott mcdonald
scott warren
scott william
syntac
syntac tically
syntac orig
syntac tical
syntac base
syntac tified
syntac argmax
centering
centering theory
centering model
centering approach
centering algorithm
centering based
centering transitions
moving
moving window
moving beyond
moving towards
moving average
moving changes
moving away
membership
membership dues
membership list
membership application
membership degree
membership applications
membership includes
brill
brill tagger
brill eric
brill brill
brill johns
brill transformation
brill part
competitive
competitive results
competitive performance
competitive linking
competitive baseline
competitive accuracy
competitive baselines
coded
coded rules
coded knowledge
coded system
coded using
coded input
coded rule
possibilities
possibilities offered
possibilities exist
possibilities include
possibilities arise
possibilities available
possibilities given
arise
arise naturally
arise system
arise within
arise even
arise however
arise either
balanced
balanced corpus
balanced data
balanced dataset
balanced corpora
balanced training
balanced test
repair
repair detection
repair strategies
repair processing
repair utterances
repair module
repair process
seeds
seeds used
seeds using
seeds score
seeds scores
seeds extracted
seeds selection
entirely
entirely different
entirely based
entirely clear
entirely correct
entirely within
entirely independent
lows
lows section
lows first
lows users
lows given
lows multiple
lows transliteration
regions
regions within
regions like
regions around
regions corresponding
regions using
regions would
verlag
verlag berlin
verlag heidelberg
verlag pages
verlag lecture
verlag london
verlag stuttgart
granularity
granularity levels
granularity level
granularity aware
granularity based
granularity ontology
granularity problem
medium
medium sized
medium high
medium size
medium frequency
medium density
medium scale
shall
shall call
shall refer
shall discuss
shall assume
shall describe
shall consider
darpa
darpa speech
darpa gale
darpa contract
darpa broadcast
darpa workshop
darpa grant
fluency
fluency adequacy
fluency ranking
fluency scores
fluency features
fluency score
fluency pronunciation
meteor
meteor banerjee
meteor scores
meteor metric
meteor score
meteor bleu
meteor lavie
transform
transform natural
transform based
transform william
transform described
transform linguistic
transform rules
maryland
maryland college
maryland june
maryland baltimore
maryland university
maryland november
maryland statistical
macro
macro averaged
macro average
macro level
macro averaging
macro averages
macro orig
fill
fill question
fill questions
fill slots
fill gaps
fill verbs
fill empty
covering
covering different
covering many
covering size
covering various
covering algorithm
covering several
addresses
addresses three
addresses issues
addresses problems
addresses several
addresses different
addresses many
claims
claims made
claims regarding
claims according
claims ideas
claims section
claims using
intra
intra sentential
intra annotator
intra sentence
intra chunk
intra document
intra word
seconds
seconds figure
seconds sentence
seconds minutes
seconds respectively
seconds required
seconds using
disagreement
disagreement among
disagreement detection
disagreement classification
disagreement rate
disagreement based
disagreement using
topical
topical words
topical context
topical structure
topical analysis
topical features
topical information
colorado
colorado june
colorado boulder
colorado school
colorado avenue
colorado production
colorado september
consequence
consequence relation
consequence many
consequence cause
consequence data
consequence verb
consequence feature
mooney
mooney university
mooney department
mooney raymond
mooney kate
mooney papers
mooney salim
calls
calls upon
calls attention
calls voice
calls based
calls check
calls found
indexed
indexed grammars
indexed grammar
indexed references
indexed languages
indexed using
indexed terms
ically
ically extracted
ically generated
ically rich
ically used
ically acquired
ically derived
compiled
compiled list
compiled using
compiled grammar
compiled resources
compiled knowledge
compiled manually
comp
comp orig
comp ling
comp comp
comp phrase
comp subj
comp head
mert
mert algorithm
mert training
mert runs
mert tuning
mert optimization
mert baseline
rise
rise fall
rise past
rise shape
rise followed
rise significantly
rise even
substantially
substantially better
substantially higher
substantially different
substantially lower
substantially improve
substantially improves
agirre
agirre daniel
agirre university
agirre eneko
agirre david
agirre mona
agirre timothy
drug
drug drug
drug interactions
drug interaction
drug names
drug name
drug events
compositionality
compositionality principle
compositionality pages
compositionality score
compositionality based
compositionality ratings
compositionality using
logistic
logistic regression
logistic function
logistic normal
logistic loss
logistic model
logistic classifier
productions
productions whose
productions used
productions must
productions involving
productions applied
productions rules
devices
devices like
devices used
devices including
devices provide
devices typically
devices whose
mentation
mentation using
mentation model
mentation results
mentation algorithms
mentation system
mentation accuracy
publicly
publicly available
publicly avail
publicly released
publicly accessible
publicly release
publicly funded
simplicity
simplicity however
simplicity ranking
simplicity reasons
simplicity suppose
simplicity unsupervised
simplicity based
unless
unless otherwise
unless stated
unless specified
unless explicitly
unless noted
unless mentioned
says
says nothing
says something
says john
says written
says says
says anything
days
days later
days months
days news
days weeks
days figure
days time
beliefs
beliefs goals
beliefs concerning
beliefs underlying
beliefs according
beliefs including
beliefs held
thompson
thompson university
thompson henry
thompson editors
thompson sandra
thompson mary
thompson roger
gale
gale program
gale church
gale william
gale kenneth
gale contract
gale project
vised
vised learning
vised methods
vised approach
vised method
vised models
vised machine
ignored
ignored since
ignored except
ignored words
ignored without
ignored entirely
ignored word
ples
ples include
ples daily
ples extracted
ples containing
ples given
ples like
turney
turney peter
turney national
turney patrick
turney similarity
turney turney
turney pantel
regarded
regarded equally
regarded words
regarded individually
regarded negatively
regarded time
regarded although
hits
hits algorithm
hits returned
hits based
hits completed
hits model
hits hits
minutes
minutes later
minutes long
minutes using
minutes hours
minutes respectively
minutes instead
tual
tual information
tual entailment
tual features
tual similarity
tual data
tual correlates
inventory
inventory size
inventory used
inventory based
inventory consists
inventory contains
inventory includes
submissions
submissions received
submissions including
submissions acceptance
submissions coming
submissions five
submissions reflects
reiter
reiter ehud
reiter university
reiter dale
reiter chris
reiter albert
reiter stefan
surrounding
surrounding words
surrounding context
surrounding text
surrounding sentences
surrounding contexts
surrounding word
enhanced
enhanced lexical
enhanced version
enhanced lexicons
enhanced sentiment
enhanced learning
enhanced model
super
super vised
super vision
super sense
super class
super orig
super senses
regularization
regularization parameter
regularization term
regularization framework
regularization constant
regularization strength
regularization methods
started
started using
started working
started developing
started engine
started investigating
started looking
omitted
omitted since
omitted words
omitted subjects
omitted material
omitted case
omitted pronouns
svms
svms vapnik
svms using
svms trained
svms joachims
svms based
svms perform
checked
checked whether
checked manually
checked using
checked first
checked automatically
checked every
numerical
numerical values
numerical expressions
numerical value
numerical data
numerical recipes
numerical expression
restrict
restrict attention
restrict candidate
restrict possible
restrict access
restrict word
restrict ambiguity
alex
alex waibel
alex lascarides
alex franz
alex fraser
alex rudnicky
alex claire
exper
exper iments
exper orig
exper john
exper ments
exper system
levin
levin classes
levin class
levin beth
levin carnegie
levin verb
levin style
demonstrates
demonstrates clearly
demonstrates better
demonstrates empirically
demonstrates performance
demonstrates several
demonstrates state
utilize
utilize information
utilize word
utilize different
utilize existing
utilize features
utilize syntactic
supporting
supporting evidence
supporting sentences
supporting resources
supporting information
supporting task
supporting sentence
eration
eration system
eration systems
eration model
eration process
eration task
eration module
completion
completion rate
completion time
completion model
completion rates
completion task
completion times
compo
compo nents
compo nent
compo sition
compo orig
compo sitions
compo site
triple
triple store
triple translation
triple consisting
triple pattern
triple based
triple extraction
relate
relate well
relate words
relate directly
relate different
relate events
relate lexical
summarized
summarized documents
summarized answer
summarized text
summarized paper
summarized sentences
summarized according
bulgaria
bulgaria august
bulgaria pages
bulgaria september
bulgaria production
bulgaria international
bulgaria national
grosz
grosz barbara
grosz joshi
grosz aravind
grosz sidner
grosz karen
grosz scott
normally
normally used
normally distributed
normally associated
normally written
normally considered
normally would
requiring
requiring less
requiring manual
requiring minimal
requiring human
requiring additional
requiring different
exhibit
exhibit different
exhibit similar
exhibit high
exhibit higher
exhibit many
exhibit certain
capturing
capturing semantic
capturing long
capturing different
capturing intentional
capturing local
capturing information
achieving
achieving high
achieving good
achieving state
achieving better
achieving higher
achieving results
longest
longest common
longest match
longest matching
longest possible
longest string
longest sequence
teams
teams participated
teams submitted
teams used
teams participating
teams could
teams also
carnegie
carnegie mellon
carnegie group
carnegie groups
carnegie trust
carnegie hall
carnegie museum
concern
concern orig
concern since
concern information
concern protein
concern would
concern concept
traction
traction system
traction patterns
traction task
traction using
traction systems
traction process
freq
freq word
freq prec
freq orig
freq freq
freq baseline
freq label
activation
activation function
activation functions
activation level
activation value
activation values
activation based
firstly
firstly proposed
firstly introduced
firstly introduce
firstly although
firstly using
firstly describe
robot
robot interaction
robot control
robot dialogue
robot system
robot commands
robot navigation
characteristic
characteristic features
characteristic words
characteristic properties
characteristic contexts
characteristic feature
characteristic function
king
king ronald
king john
king richard
king editors
king hiroshi
king kong
bionlp
bionlp shared
bionlp workshop
bionlp pages
bionlp naacl
bionlp task
bionlp community
today
today orig
today tomorrow
today figure
today yesterday
today many
today monday
inserted
inserted clauses
inserted words
inserted right
inserted word
inserted deleted
inserted clause
irrelevant
irrelevant features
irrelevant information
irrelevant documents
irrelevant words
irrelevant ones
irrelevant sentences
maintain
maintain consistency
maintain high
maintain large
maintain gazetteers
maintain good
maintain multiple
marco
marco baroni
marco pennacchiotti
marco island
marco calzolari
marco evert
marco antonio
lies
lies within
lies outside
lies beyond
lies somewhere
lies behind
lies mainly
predicts
predicts whether
predicts human
predicts target
predicts correctly
predicts performance
predicts words
constitute
constitute another
constitute different
constitute good
constitute valid
constitute independent
constitute part
discover
discover relations
discover semantic
discover whether
discover patterns
discover hidden
discover latent
ideal
ideal case
ideal point
ideal situation
ideal points
ideal pairs
ideal system
shieber
shieber stuart
shieber yves
shieber harvard
shieber schabes
shieber christopher
shieber complexity
expectations
expectations based
expectations computing
expectations derived
expectations regarding
expectations using
expectations concerning
specifications
specifications given
specifications provide
specifications also
specifications used
specifications define
specifications including
metaphors
metaphors using
metaphors used
metaphors better
metaphors expressed
metaphors identified
metaphors like
please
please refer
please note
please enter
please contact
please tell
please send
publication
publication date
publication must
publication chairs
publication dates
publication year
publication chair
korea
korea july
korea university
korea advanced
korea science
korea october
korea north
patients
patients medical
patients health
patients whose
patients assessed
patients records
patients history
informal
informal text
informal texts
informal language
informal words
informal word
informal style
connective
connective argument
connective types
connective like
connective classifier
connective identification
connective based
revision
revision history
revision based
revision rules
revision process
revision rule
revision learning
sides
sides respectively
sides contain
sides user
sides using
sides match
sides sentences
acquire
acquire knowledge
acquire information
acquire language
acquire semantic
acquire word
acquire high
ends
ends based
ends right
ends successfully
ends meet
ends within
ends includes
robustness
robustness issues
robustness beyond
robustness techniques
robustness across
robustness component
robustness oriented
generalize
generalize well
generalize across
generalize better
generalize beyond
generalize poorly
generalize using
matthew
matthew snover
matthew stone
matthew henderson
matthew bell
matthew richardson
matthew bonnie
complements
complements subject
complements denoting
complements like
complements adjuncts
complements lexical
complements according
computes
computes prefix
computes similarity
computes precision
computes semantic
computes recall
computes scores
dublin
dublin ireland
dublin city
dublin core
dublin institute
dublin dublin
dublin university
remainder
remainder weights
remainder balance
remainder consist
remainder consists
remainder maintained
remainder part
jonathan
jonathan graehl
jonathan allen
jonathan chang
jonathan clark
jonathan gordon
jonathan wright
prec
prec recall
prec freq
prec orig
prec count
prec columns
prec fall
restaurant
restaurant process
restaurant domain
restaurant reviews
restaurant name
restaurant review
restaurant near
tracted
tracted using
tracted features
tracted information
tracted sentences
tracted automatically
tracted data
cognition
cognition together
cognition emotion
cognition volume
cognition communication
cognition groningen
cognition pages
wiki
wiki corpus
wiki list
wiki links
wiki concepts
wiki machine
wiki based
consonant
consonant vowel
consonant clusters
consonant cluster
consonant inventories
consonant sequences
consonant level
disambiguate
disambiguate word
disambiguate among
disambiguate explicit
disambiguate words
disambiguate senses
disambiguate polysemous
displayed
displayed using
displayed together
displayed along
displayed next
displayed without
displayed figure
compact
compact representation
compact form
compact representations
compact closed
compact forest
compact data
convergence
convergence rate
convergence speed
convergence criterion
convergence properties
convergence curves
convergence time
mistakes
mistakes made
mistakes could
mistakes involving
mistakes like
mistakes especially
mistakes found
piece
piece wise
piece data
piece reader
piece together
piece positions
piece annotations
device
device used
device dependent
device called
device manager
device orig
device specific
metadata
metadata features
metadata elements
metadata fields
metadata search
metadata descriptions
metadata information
ranging
ranging across
ranging conversations
ranging series
ranging alignment
ranging around
ranging collection
transcripts
transcripts used
transcripts using
transcripts collected
transcripts available
transcripts contain
transcripts derived
polynomial
polynomial time
polynomial kernel
polynomial kernels
polynomial complexity
polynomial function
polynomial algorithm
vertex
vertex cover
vertex degree
vertex within
vertex sets
vertex weight
vertex weights
judgment
judgment data
judgment opinions
judgment task
judgment scores
judgment score
judgment experiments
scripts
scripts plans
scripts provided
scripts used
scripts schank
scripts written
scripts frames
titles
titles like
titles contain
titles containing
titles often
titles could
titles generated
boolean
boolean feature
boolean features
boolean value
boolean matrix
boolean combinations
boolean operators
ming
ming zhou
ming language
ming languages
ming algorithm
ming formulation
ming hong
round
round trip
round robin
round table
round tense
round brackets
round square
mellon
mellon university
mellon univer
mellon univ
mellon multi
mellon meeting
mellon commu
requests
requests information
requests made
requests based
requests confirmation
requests would
requests according
avail
avail able
avail ability
avail orig
avail since
avail bility
avail clue
calculating
calculating semantic
calculating similarity
calculating precision
calculating word
calculating agreement
calculating feature
nine
nine different
nine languages
nine features
nine times
nine months
nine words
alphabet
alphabet size
alphabet symbols
alphabet based
alphabet characters
alphabet matching
alphabet consists
gaps
gaps among
gaps using
gaps filled
gaps allowed
gaps along
gaps could
batch
batch size
batch mode
batch learning
batch training
batch tuning
batch sizes
convert
convert text
convert english
convert sentences
convert words
convert constituent
convert every
tone
tone languages
tone systems
tone recognition
tone marks
tone mark
tone list
adjunct
adjunct distinction
adjunct grammars
adjunct clauses
adjunct roles
adjunct clause
adjunct arguments
organizers
organizers provided
organizers chairs
organizers general
organizers provide
organizers organizers
organizers asian
travel
travel domain
travel information
travel planning
travel blogs
travel agent
travel time
feasible
feasible solution
feasible pairs
feasible even
feasible task
feasible without
feasible pair
statis
statis tical
statis tics
statis tically
statis orig
statis comment
argmax
argmax orig
argmax operation
argmax score
argmax type
argmax operator
argmax function
dept
dept computer
dept library
dept clark
dept linguistics
dept main
dept massachusetts
dard
dard deviation
dard phrase
dard data
dard arabic
dard approach
dard corpus
specifying
specifying whether
specifying compositional
specifying tree
specifying constraints
specifying intonation
specifying relations
distinguished
distinguished symbol
distinguished start
distinguished variable
distinguished according
distinguished using
distinguished position
trends
trends observed
trends across
trends emerge
trends using
trends data
trends hold
java
java based
java implementations
java implementation
java code
java classes
java library
jordan
jordan boyd
jordan matthew
jordan university
jordan editor
jordan michael
jordan orig
pilot
pilot study
pilot task
pilot experiments
pilot experiment
pilot studies
pilot annotation
secondly
secondly since
secondly although
secondly using
secondly even
secondly many
secondly whether
blue
blue button
blue book
blue line
blue block
blue square
blue bell
emotional
emotional state
emotional states
emotional expressions
emotional content
emotional words
emotional stability
hearst
hearst marti
hearst patterns
hearst university
hearst style
hearst like
hearst school
dyer
dyer ondrej
dyer kevin
dyer alon
dyer adam
dyer alan
dyer michael
route
route descriptions
route instructions
route description
route directions
route planning
route instruction
passage
passage retrieval
passage level
passage reranking
passage based
passage ranking
passage extraction
bridge
bridge university
bridge languages
bridge language
bridge massachusetts
bridge edinburgh
bridge cambridge
communications
communications research
communications technology
communications engineering
communications canada
communications systems
communications among
replacing
replacing words
replacing every
replacing word
replacing human
replacing proper
replacing anchor
foster
foster roland
foster dublin
foster george
foster research
foster oliver
foster pierre
reverse
reverse order
reverse direction
reverse engineering
reverse dictionary
reverse translation
reverse self
theoretic
theoretic semantics
theoretic approach
theoretic definition
theoretic framework
theoretic model
theoretic coreference
intuitive
intuitive notion
intuitive sense
intuitive idea
intuitive understanding
intuitive explanation
intuitive interpretation
prosody
prosody based
prosody labeling
prosody prediction
prosody model
prosody dependent
prosody models
qualitative
qualitative analysis
qualitative evaluation
qualitative physics
qualitative results
qualitative comparison
qualitative reasoning
marie
marie catherine
marie jean
marie france
marie anne
marie christine
marie hinrichs
stolcke
stolcke andreas
stolcke klaus
stolcke elizabeth
stolcke jing
stolcke efficient
stolcke paul
biological
biological literature
biological events
biological event
biological translational
biological processes
biological entities
road
road palo
road cambridge
road princeton
road oxford
road london
road brighton
analy
analy orig
analy formation
analy tics
money
money order
money market
money orders
money percent
money paid
money time
toronto
toronto canada
toronto toronto
toronto ontario
toronto department
toronto computer
toronto university
workers
workers could
workers agreed
workers completed
workers must
workers agree
workers based
gibbs
gibbs sampling
gibbs sampler
gibbs distributions
gibbs distribution
gibbs operators
gibbs pcfg
january
january march
january june
january february
january twenty
january december
january every
distances
distances among
distances pages
distances calculated
distances along
distances would
distances based
belonging
belonging either
belonging exclusively
belonging among
belonging category
belonging different
belonging domains
nothing
nothing else
nothing prevents
nothing wrong
nothing nothing
nothing like
nothing happens
difficulties
difficulties encountered
difficulties associated
difficulties arise
difficulties involved
difficulties inherent
difficulties related
stances
stances extracted
stances using
stances would
stances divided
stances respectively
stances used
racy
racy scores
racy improvement
racy increases
racy compared
racy using
racy values
valued
valued features
valued feature
valued vector
valued vectors
valued logic
valued variables
calculation
calculation method
calculation using
calculation methods
calculation based
calculation process
calculation algorithm
excluded
excluded since
excluded different
excluded common
excluded words
excluded alternative
excluded pairs
ohio
ohio state
ohio june
ohio university
ohio pages
ohio court
ohio united
optimize
optimize performance
optimize parameters
optimize bleu
optimize feature
optimize model
optimize parsing
corrections
corrections made
corrections needed
corrections proposed
corrections using
corrections automatically
corrections based
bring
bring together
bring much
bring back
bring significant
bring improvements
bring forward
applica
applica tions
applica tion
applica bility
applica orig
applica tive
applica errors
kaplan
kaplan ronald
kaplan richard
kaplan xerox
kaplan bresnan
kaplan john
kaplan stefan
pick
pick sentences
pick noun
pick either
pick pron
pick words
pick another
planner
planner must
planner uses
planner would
planner based
planner produces
planner determines
mathematics
mathematics university
mathematics computer
mathematics physics
mathematics department
mathematics faculty
mathematics harvard
availability
availability availability
availability room
availability allows
availability available
availability constraints
availability creation
cardie
cardie ellen
cardie cornell
cardie daniel
cardie department
cardie nathan
cardie claire
factored
factored model
factored translation
factored language
factored models
factored phrase
factored statistical
fication
fication task
fication tasks
fication accuracy
fication problem
fication performance
fication using
quantity
quantity insensitive
quantity journal
quantity relation
quantity quality
quantity amount
quantity entailment
substring
substring based
substring matching
substring pairs
substring alignment
substring match
substring table
jing
jing jiang
jing zheng
jing china
jing wang
jing zhang
jing peng
ences
ences among
ences institute
ences university
ences observed
ences across
ences could
pantel
pantel patrick
pantel microsoft
pantel eric
pantel michael
pantel yahoo
pantel dekang
exploited
exploited also
exploited directly
exploited effectively
exploited using
exploited features
exploited several
pool
pool based
pool size
pool publishers
pool data
pool orig
pool contains
ijcnlp
ijcnlp pages
ijcnlp named
ijcnlp workshop
ijcnlp singapore
ijcnlp short
ijcnlp conference
continued
continued session
continued development
continued research
continued poster
continued using
continued orig
legal
legal texts
legal documents
legal domain
legal text
legal system
legal terms
regardless
regardless whether
regardless automatic
regardless estimating
regardless location
regardless prediction
regardless unclear
plot
plot shows
plot unit
plot units
plot graph
plot graphs
plot analysis
speak
speak english
speak freely
speak orig
speak button
speak property
speak spanish
classifica
classifica tion
classifica tions
classifica orig
classifica tory
gate
gate cunningham
gate system
gate whether
gate version
gate architecture
gate document
trigrams
trigrams based
trigrams containing
trigrams extracted
trigrams naive
trigrams occurring
trigrams without
water
water supply
water orig
water body
water water
water formed
water going
shortest
shortest path
shortest paths
shortest distance
shortest derivation
shortest dependency
shortest possible
soon
soon hwee
soon became
soon becomes
soon realized
soon become
soon baseline
joakim
joakim nivre
joakim johan
joakim jens
joakim hall
joakim marco
joakim enough
invited
invited talk
invited speaker
invited speakers
invited talks
invited paper
invited presentation
modifications
modifications made
modifications based
modifications required
modifications proposed
modifications need
modifications needed
computationally
computationally expensive
computationally efficient
computationally tractable
computationally intensive
computationally feasible
computationally intractable
inflected
inflected forms
inflected form
inflected languages
inflected word
inflected words
inflected language
looks
looks like
looks promising
looks back
looks quite
looks good
looks similar
associ
associ ation
associ ated
associ ations
associ orig
associ ating
associ ates
branching
branching factor
branching structure
branching structures
branching tree
branching trees
branching entropy
accounts
accounts based
accounts transfer
accounts directory
accounts location
accounts make
accounts accounts
imple
imple mented
imple mentation
imple ment
imple ments
imple orig
imple chemical
persons
persons name
persons locations
persons organizations
persons names
persons places
persons involved
crafted
crafted rules
crafted features
crafted grammars
crafted grammar
crafted rule
crafted lexicon
bounded
bounded stack
bounded memory
bounded number
bounded context
bounded space
bounded length
ting
ting huang
ting chen
ting liang
ting wang
ting since
ting using
pang
pang lillian
pang kevin
pang knight
pang cornell
pang ning
pang patrick
mikolov
mikolov martin
mikolov stefan
mikolov tomas
mikolov mike
mikolov embeddings
mikolov mikolov
targeted
targeted human
targeted help
targeted sentiment
targeted self
targeted paraphrasing
targeted towards
rambow
rambow columbia
rambow owen
rambow nizar
rambow editors
rambow vijay
rambow center
seventh
seventh international
seventh workshop
seventh conference
seventh framework
seventh message
seventh interna
induce
induce word
induce semantic
induce features
induce rules
induce verb
induce latent
inheritance
inheritance hierarchy
inheritance network
inheritance networks
inheritance based
inheritance mechanism
inheritance hierarchies
sition
sition probabilities
sition system
sition errors
sition probability
sition error
sition function
ning
ning huang
ning text
ning time
ning tree
ning example
ning trees
properly
properly recorded
properly contained
properly handle
properly understood
properly formed
properly nested
bility
bility distribution
bility distributions
bility model
bility mass
bility estimates
bility estimation
vision
vision system
vision research
vision based
vision graph
vision pages
vision algorithms
participating
participating systems
participating teams
participating system
participating team
participating groups
participating entities
grouping
grouping together
grouping words
grouping version
grouping similar
grouping based
grouping operations
distant
distant supervision
distant language
distant supervised
distant super
distant languages
distant entities
encountered
encountered several
encountered problems
encountered along
encountered documents
encountered many
encountered within
hyper
hyper parameters
hyper parameter
hyper edge
hyper text
hyper graph
hyper plane
turk
turk pages
turk mturk
turk workers
turk service
turk annotation
turk task
inflection
inflection classes
inflection table
inflection tables
inflection class
inflection prediction
inflection rules
briscoe
briscoe john
briscoe carroll
briscoe university
briscoe christian
briscoe computer
briscoe chris
collaborative
collaborative filtering
collaborative research
collaborative learning
collaborative effort
collaborative problem
collaborative process
barcelona
barcelona spain
barcelona media
barcelona july
barcelona pages
barcelona barcelona
barcelona diana
exploration
exploration rate
exploration level
exploration system
exploration word
exploration exploitation
exploration tool
keeping
keeping track
keeping correct
keeping everything
keeping full
keeping good
keeping lexical
confirm
confirm whether
confirm orig
confirm previous
confirm implicit
confirm information
confirm location
partly
partly supported
partly funded
partly based
partly explained
partly inspired
partly motivated
posi
posi tive
posi tion
posi tions
posi tives
posi tional
posi tively
attach
attach ment
attach ments
attach right
attach left
attach orig
attach attach
surprising
surprising since
surprising given
surprising result
surprising considering
surprising results
surprising finding
vincent
vincent della
vincent michel
vincent left
vincent arrive
vincent however
vincent price
secondary
secondary stress
secondary school
secondary connectives
secondary edges
secondary predication
secondary language
genia
genia corpus
genia event
genia treebank
genia tagger
genia ontology
genia project
office
office automation
office information
office environment
office systems
office except
office manager
stemming
stemming algorithm
stemming algorithms
stemming using
stemming algo
stemming porter
stemming approaches
complicated
complicated sentences
complicated task
complicated cases
complicated since
complicated features
complicated feature
pieces
pieces together
pieces divided
pieces contain
pieces must
pieces used
pieces without
passed
passed along
passed away
passed back
passed since
passed past
passed onto
opposite
opposite direction
opposite polarity
opposite case
opposite directions
opposite effect
opposite meaning
engines
engines using
engines provide
engines typically
engines trained
engines google
engines like
abbreviations
abbreviations used
abbreviations acronyms
abbreviations like
abbreviations using
abbreviations numbers
abbreviations occur
jiang
jiang liang
jiang zhao
jiang ming
jiang chen
jiang jing
jiang yang
repeat
repeat steps
repeat step
repeat back
repeat items
repeat apply
repeat orig
tical
tical machine
tical translation
tical models
tical significance
tical parsing
tical language
markup
markup language
markup framework
markup languages
markup scheme
markup tags
markup tool
creates
creates many
creates three
creates summaries
creates additional
creates data
creates several
intentions
intentions behind
intentions underlying
intentions plans
intentions conveyed
intentions given
intentions based
minor
minor differences
minor changes
minor modifications
minor phrase
minor variations
minor errors
constructs
constructs like
constructs sieve
constructs used
constructs word
constructs appear
constructs covered
correspondences
correspondences among
correspondences across
correspondences found
correspondences described
correspondences figure
correspondences would
satisfied
satisfied constraints
satisfied goals
satisfied locally
satisfied otherwise
satisfied preferences
satisfied properties
unlikely
unlikely candidates
unlikely case
unlikely event
unlikely ones
unlikely parses
unlikely translations
division
division university
division thomas
division national
division grant
division technical
division point
performances
performances using
performances across
performances obtained
performances achieved
performances significantly
performances reported
fied
fied version
fied kneser
fied using
fied framework
fied model
fied according
incorrectly
incorrectly classified
incorrectly tagged
incorrectly identified
incorrectly labeled
incorrectly segmented
incorrectly recognized
larity
larity measure
larity score
larity measures
larity classification
larity scores
larity based
consensus
consensus translation
consensus decoding
consensus among
consensus based
consensus string
consensus translations
discarded
discarded sentences
discarded since
discarded based
discarded words
discarded using
discarded data
webber
webber bonnie
webber university
webber david
webber editors
webber aravind
webber markus
ping
ping zhang
ping chang
ping algorithm
ping rules
ping method
ping action
sorted
sorted list
sorted according
sorted order
sorted feature
sorted based
sorted first
andreas
andreas stolcke
andreas daniel
andreas price
andreas andreas
andreas kathleen
andreas nizar
profile
profile information
profile based
profile attributes
profile enrichment
profile density
profile features
aimed
aimed corpus
aimed bunescu
aimed data
aimed specifically
aimed towards
aimed criticism
builds
builds upon
builds dependency
builds directly
builds semantic
builds word
builds constituents
disambiguated
disambiguated using
disambiguated words
disambiguated corpus
disambiguated word
disambiguated text
disambiguated glosses
deviation
deviation value
deviation across
deviation values
deviation model
deviation scores
deviation table
filters
filters based
filters described
filters alexander
filters applied
filters used
filters work
plain
plain text
plain texts
plain word
plain english
plain language
plain words
quantifiers
quantifiers like
quantifiers every
quantifiers deduction
quantifiers scope
quantifiers linguistic
quantifiers negation
intervals
intervals computed
intervals based
intervals around
intervals overlap
intervals using
intervals associated
resolving
resolving pronoun
resolving ambiguity
resolving lexical
resolving ambiguities
resolving pronouns
resolving pronominal
turned
turned round
turned away
turned around
turned back
turned right
turned black
associa
associa tion
associa tions
associa tive
associa orig
associa tively
discovered
discovered patterns
discovered clusters
discovered using
discovered automatically
discovered relations
discovered rules
doesnt
doesnt know
doesnt seem
doesnt make
doesnt require
doesnt matter
doesnt need
possi
possi bility
possi bilities
possi orig
possi table
possi poss
richer
richer feature
richer models
richer information
richer syntactic
richer contexts
richer features
intro
intro duced
intro duce
intro duction
intro duces
intro ducing
intro orig
equations
equations used
equations representing
equations assuming
equations define
equations given
equations introduced
periments
periments show
periments using
periments reported
periments described
periments indicate
periments also
adverbial
adverbial phrases
adverbial phrase
adverbial modifiers
adverbial clause
adverbial modifier
adverbial clauses
desirable
desirable properties
desirable property
desirable since
desirable feature
desirable features
desirable results
synonymy
synonymy relations
synonymy relation
synonymy antonymy
synonymy networks
synonymy links
synonymy graphs
happens
happens quite
happens frequently
happens within
happens immediately
happens whenever
happens even
conduct
conduct experiments
conduct extensive
conduct three
conduct experi
conduct exper
conduct research
cial
cial intelligence
cial media
cial issue
cial case
cial networks
cial data
ignore
ignore word
ignore punctuation
ignore many
ignore local
ignore user
ignore words
phonemes
phonemes using
phonemes figure
phonemes syllables
phonemes used
phonemes based
phonemes according
differently
differently depending
differently according
differently across
differently based
differently using
differently among
ysis
ysis using
ysis system
ysis shows
ysis systems
ysis techniques
ysis based
polysemy
polysemy degree
polysemy index
polysemy resolution
polysemy level
polysemy ambiguity
polysemy problem
teaching
teaching natural
teaching computational
teaching architecture
teaching materials
teaching english
teaching purposes
meant
meant family
meant tuned
meant direct
meant using
meant bleu
meant score
poesio
poesio university
poesio massimo
poesio processing
poesio simone
poesio vladimir
poesio inter
twice
twice daily
twice first
twice better
twice faster
twice three
twice using
abbreviation
abbreviation pairs
abbreviation expansion
abbreviation definitions
abbreviation generation
abbreviation detection
abbreviation dictionary
pedersen
pedersen university
pedersen department
pedersen patwardhan
pedersen bruce
pedersen david
pedersen dept
pronominal
pronominal anaphora
pronominal reference
pronominal anaphors
pronominal expressions
pronominal coreference
pronominal mentions
habash
habash owen
habash nizar
habash mona
habash ryan
habash marco
habash columbia
niques
niques used
niques described
niques based
niques could
niques like
niques proposed
tran
tran sition
tran scription
tran scripts
tran sitions
tran scribed
tran scriptions
independence
independence assumptions
independence assumption
independence assump
independence model
independence among
independence test
daelemans
daelemans university
daelemans walter
daelemans combination
daelemans sabine
daelemans robert
daelemans tilburg
pragmatics
pragmatics based
pragmatics pages
pragmatics interface
pragmatics linguistics
pragmatics component
pragmatics beyond
prevent
prevent overfitting
prevent neural
prevent errors
prevent inappropriate
prevent data
prevent matching
ryan
ryan mcdonald
ryan roth
ryan green
ryan north
ryan foster
ryan fernando
scaling
scaling factor
scaling factors
scaling algorithm
scaling semantic
scaling phrase
scaling preference
candi
candi date
candi dates
candi orig
candi pron
candi human
candi name
poster
poster sessions
poster session
poster presentations
poster presentation
poster papers
poster volume
leaving
leaving aside
leaving open
leaving state
leaving behind
leaving room
leaving everything
newly
newly created
newly introduced
newly added
newly generated
newly proposed
newly discovered
nation
nation nation
nation task
nation documents
nation method
nation methods
nation sentiment
ative
ative examples
ative model
ative clause
ative frequency
ative clauses
ative instances
certainly
certainly possible
certainly true
certainly improve
certainly would
certainly help
certainly also
commercial
commercial systems
commercial search
commercial advantage
commercial applications
commercial products
commercial system
ralph
ralph grishman
ralph weischedel
ralph hirschman
ralph catherine
ralph vincent
ralph john
server
server side
server architecture
server based
server using
server provides
server running
versa
versa using
versa without
versa assume
versa given
versa respectively
versa thus
instantiated
instantiated rule
instantiated rules
instantiated clause
instantiated grammar
instantiated predicate
instantiated template
attribution
attribution methods
attribution using
attribution relation
attribution relations
attribution features
attribution task
blei
blei andrew
blei david
blei thomas
blei stephen
blei computer
blei claire
finnish
finnish english
finnish french
finnish word
finnish data
finnish turkish
finnish german
rarely
rarely used
rarely occur
rarely occurring
rarely found
rarely seen
rarely occurs
translators
translators work
translators productivity
translators using
translators often
translators workbench
translators post
triggers
triggers learner
triggers extracted
triggers head
triggers liang
triggers arguments
triggers database
ural
ural language
ural languages
ural science
ural sciences
ural federal
ural logic
distortion
distortion model
distortion limit
distortion models
distortion probability
distortion penalty
distortion cost
growing
growing interest
growing number
growing body
growing need
growing field
growing amount
stable
stable across
stable results
stable performance
stable state
stable trend
stable model
texas
texas austin
texas linguistic
texas university
texas dallas
texas press
texas linguistics
served
served data
served word
served words
served agreement
served frequencies
served variables
lavie
lavie carnegie
lavie language
lavie alon
lavie jaime
lavie kenji
lavie brian
quency
quency counts
quency words
quency distribution
quency information
quency estimates
quency based
counted
counted noun
counted twice
counted towards
counted among
counted separately
counted cumulative
release
release date
release version
release distribution
release turn
release includes
release contains
sociation
sociation measures
sociation norms
sociation elra
sociation measure
sociation score
sociation scores
exponential
exponential number
exponential time
exponential model
exponential models
exponential growth
exponential family
writer
writer model
writer must
writer positive
writer foreign
writer perspective
writer book
yielding
yielding cues
yielding results
yielding better
yielding high
yielding good
yielding improvements
polish
polish academy
polish language
polish russian
polish wordnet
polish texts
polish english
symbolic
symbolic logic
symbolic approaches
symbolic features
symbolic approach
symbolic representation
symbolic methods
thresholds
thresholds using
thresholds used
thresholds ranging
thresholds based
thresholds result
thresholds according
corner
corner parser
corner parsing
corner transform
corner relation
corner table
corner transformed
alan
alan ritter
alan black
alan prince
alan turing
alan bell
alan kennedy
positives
positives false
positives negatives
positives true
positives caused
positives since
positives divided
riloff
riloff ellen
riloff university
riloff janyce
riloff david
riloff editors
riloff school
aligning
aligning sentences
aligning words
aligning parallel
aligning english
aligning bilingual
aligning japanese
huge
huge amount
huge number
huge amounts
huge corpus
huge feature
huge difference
failed
failed category
failed parse
failed parses
failed attempts
failed constraint
failed prompts
hobbs
hobbs jerry
hobbs algorithm
hobbs mark
hobbs artificial
hobbs distance
hobbs shieber
implicitly
implicitly assumes
implicitly assume
implicitly represented
implicitly assumed
implicitly expressed
implicitly encoded
mother
mother tongue
mother node
mother daughter
mother category
mother nodes
mother child
gual
gual corpora
gual corpus
gual dictionary
gual data
gual lexicon
gual dictionaries
boosting
boosting algorithm
boosting based
boosting method
boosting algorithms
boosting approach
boosting model
familiar
familiar words
familiar word
familiar problem
familiar enough
familiar example
familiar names
bonnie
bonnie webber
bonnie dorr
bonnie jean
bonnie lewis
bonnie verbs
bonnie berger
forum
forum posts
forum data
forum clef
forum threads
forum discussions
forum volume
processor
processor must
processor might
processor time
processor bruce
processor based
processor repository
sparseness
sparseness problem
sparseness problems
sparseness issues
sparseness prob
sparseness issue
sparseness becomes
worked
worked well
worked best
worked better
worked example
worked quite
worked hard
grishman
grishman ralph
grishman adam
grishman david
grishman computer
grishman catherine
grishman nancy
ranges
ranges higher
ranges overlap
ranges reported
ranges within
ranges according
ranges across
simulated
simulated annealing
simulated user
simulated users
simulated environment
simulated data
simulated dialogues
medicine
medicine center
medicine clinical
medicine national
medicine challenge
medicine domain
medicine sophia
flexibility
flexibility dynamic
flexibility allows
flexibility level
flexibility makes
flexibility provided
flexibility required
impor
impor tant
impor tance
impor orig
impor appeared
ontological
ontological knowledge
ontological concepts
ontological relations
ontological semantics
ontological information
ontological categories
utter
utter ances
utter ance
utter orig
utter sequence
utter freely
utter sentences
lookup
lookup table
lookup tables
lookup process
lookup approach
lookup strategy
lookup based
particles
particles like
particles auxiliary
particles carrying
particles derived
particles used
particles ending
replacement
replacement rules
replacement translation
replacement grammars
replacement rule
replacement errors
replacement grammar
sufficiently
sufficiently large
sufficiently high
sufficiently similar
sufficiently general
sufficiently well
sufficiently accurate
filler
filler words
filler models
filler word
filler head
filler phrases
filler pattern
rewriting
rewriting systems
rewriting rules
rewriting system
rewriting rule
rewriting formalism
rewriting process
hill
hill road
hill group
hill center
hill national
hill book
hill anna
stefan
stefan riezler
stefan evert
stefan m¨uller
stefan institute
stefan rapp
stefan kaufmann
consid
consid ered
consid eration
consid orig
diversity
diversity based
diversity among
diversity scores
diversity score
diversity across
diversity aware
joseph
joseph turian
joseph king
joseph mccarthy
joseph levy
joseph allen
joseph johnson
distri
distri bution
distri orig
distri figure
gesture
gesture features
gesture recognition
gesture input
gesture speech
gesture lattice
gesture forms
curran
curran associates
curran stephen
curran school
curran james
curran parsing
curran wide
getting
getting computers
getting started
getting around
getting better
getting good
getting used
bulgarian
bulgarian academy
bulgarian language
bulgarian english
bulgarian polish
bulgarian word
bulgarian czech
declarative
declarative sentences
declarative sentence
declarative knowledge
declarative mode
declarative constraints
declarative grammar
suited
suited best
suited towards
suited also
suited choice
suited individuals
suited model
stock
stock market
stock price
stock prices
stock exchange
stock prediction
stock editors
convey
convey information
convey different
convey similar
convey uncertain
convey meaning
convey much
matsumoto
matsumoto graduate
matsumoto yuji
matsumoto editors
matsumoto kenji
matsumoto kyoto
matsumoto department
accordingly
accordingly many
accordingly reordered
accordingly consists
accordingly defined
accordingly several
accordingly among
cells
cells indicate
cells brain
cells represent
cells containing
cells show
cells spanning
roukos
roukos todd
roukos editors
roukos salim
roukos beatrice
roukos bing
roukos ward
marginal
marginal probability
marginal probabilities
marginal relevance
marginal distribution
marginal distributions
marginal likelihood
bird
bird university
bird steven
bird edward
bird robert
bird flight
bird orig
updates
updates parameters
updates based
updates using
updates towards
updates triggered
updates would
columbus
columbus ohio
columbus june
columbus laboratories
columbus naacl
columbus avenue
columbus didnt
natu
natu orig
trial
trial data
trial dataset
trial corpus
trial sets
trial training
trial runs
degrees
degrees depending
degrees follows
degrees left
degrees along
degrees distribution
degrees help
duce
duce better
duce word
duce different
duce simplified
duce another
duce additional
argued
argued elsewhere
argued earlier
argued along
argued previously
argued based
argued first
deleted
deleted interpolation
deleted estimation
deleted words
deleted ngrams
deleted length
deleted inserted
mood
mood indicative
mood tense
mood predicts
mood classification
mood voice
mood declarative
pure
pure dependency
pure text
pure bottom
pure statistical
pure word
pure form
instruction
instruction giving
instruction manual
instruction manuals
instruction sequences
instruction generation
instruction type
lected
lected data
lected features
lected using
lected based
lected sentences
lected papers
mechanical
mechanical turk
mechanical translation
mechanical engineering
mechanical device
mechanical turkers
mechanical process
abstraction
abstraction levels
abstraction level
abstraction hierarchy
abstraction layer
abstraction based
abstraction tree
weakly
weakly supervised
weakly equivalent
weakly connected
weakly super
weakly labeled
weakly related
nary
nary classification
nary features
nary experiments
nary classifier
nary feature
nary classifiers
mccarthy
mccarthy diana
mccarthy university
mccarthy bill
mccarthy john
mccarthy david
mccarthy lexical
thread
thread level
thread structure
thread summaries
thread block
thread based
thread summarization
perspectives
perspectives pages
perspectives based
perspectives david
perspectives edited
perspectives using
perspectives columbus
decreases
decreases performance
decreases rapidly
decreases significantly
decreases slightly
decreases considerably
decreases exponentially
yielded
yielded better
yielded results
yielded higher
yielded similar
yielded significant
yielded good
erence
erence resolution
erence translations
erence translation
erence corpus
erence chains
erence sentences
accent
accent ratio
accent prediction
accent placement
accent type
accent types
accent detection
consuming
consuming task
consuming process
consuming part
consuming expensive
consuming manual
consuming human
gaussian
gaussian prior
gaussian mixture
gaussian processes
gaussian process
gaussian distribution
gaussian kernel
interact
interact directly
interact using
interact freely
interact system
interact differently
interact language
varies
varies across
varies depending
varies greatly
varies according
varies widely
varies considerably
ireland
ireland august
ireland grant
ireland october
ireland dublin
ireland michael
ireland corpus
concatenation
concatenation grammars
concatenation operation
concatenation operator
concatenation grammar
concatenation rules
concatenation operations
wants
wants mary
wants orig
wants exactly
wants half
wants something
wants speaker
exchange
exchange rate
exchange street
exchange algorithm
exchange format
exchange information
exchange level
tated
tated corpus
tated data
tated corpora
tated sentences
tated training
tated texts
week
week month
week period
week time
week orig
week number
week figure
perception
perception research
perception experiment
perception verbs
perception behavior
perception problem
perception using
discrete
discrete structures
discrete features
discrete algorithms
discrete values
discrete probability
discrete random
enhance
enhance ments
enhance ment
enhance performance
enhance existing
enhance system
enhance word
intrinsic
intrinsic evaluation
intrinsic evaluations
intrinsic measures
intrinsic properties
intrinsic property
intrinsic metrics
identi
identi fied
identi fication
identi fying
identi fier
identi fiers
identi orig
interpolation
interpolation weights
interpolation weight
interpolation parameter
interpolation method
interpolation coefficients
interpolation factor
tutoring
tutoring systems
tutoring system
tutoring dialogues
tutoring corpus
tutoring sessions
tutoring session
attitude
attitude towards
attitude toward
attitude type
attitude verbs
attitude reports
attitude analysis
associate
associate professor
associate editor
associate words
associate secretary
associate pairs
associate probabilities
kyoto
kyoto japan
kyoto university
kyoto text
kyoto corpus
kyoto project
kyoto station
subordinate
subordinate clause
subordinate clauses
subordinate conjunction
subordinate conjunctions
subordinate verb
subordinate phrases
asian
asian language
asian languages
asian natural
asian translation
asian wordnet
asian linguistics
ciation
ciation measures
ciation norms
ciation measure
ciation elra
ciation scores
ciation dictionary
disam
disam biguation
disam orig
vogel
vogel hermann
vogel stephan
vogel language
vogel ying
vogel carnegie
vogel qatar
tistical
tistical machine
tistical significance
tistical parsing
tistical models
tistical language
tistical model
tance
tance metric
tance measure
tance metrics
tance dependencies
tance measures
tance function
biased
biased towards
biased toward
biased language
biased summaries
biased summarization
biased potential
consecutive
consecutive words
consecutive sentences
consecutive tokens
consecutive sequence
consecutive characters
consecutive steps
grounding
grounding acts
grounding process
grounding problem
grounding language
grounding referential
grounding kernel
responding
responding word
responding feature
responding semantic
responding english
responding sentence
responding text
rewrite
rewrite rules
rewrite rule
rewrite patterns
rewrite system
rewrite decoder
rewrite systems
translator
translator training
translator would
translator could
translator productivity
translator first
translator must
heavily
heavily dependent
heavily influenced
heavily biased
heavily rely
heavily skewed
heavily relies
rectly
rectly identified
rectly comparable
rectly related
rectly classified
rectly using
rectly predicted
signifi
signifi cantly
signifi cant
signifi orig
signifi cation
signifi signifi
labelling
labelling task
labelling tasks
labelling problem
labelling function
labelling algorithm
labelling scheme
measurement
measurement axis
measurement units
measurement without
measurement based
measurement unit
measurement methods
utilized
utilized training
utilized feature
utilized language
utilized either
utilized lexical
utilized several
verbnet
verbnet class
verbnet classes
verbnet thematic
verbnet roles
verbnet labels
verbnet role
unambiguous
unambiguous words
unambiguous triggers
unambiguous sentences
unambiguous context
unambiguous examples
unambiguous trigger
attempted
attempted using
attempted first
attempted irst
attempted correction
attempted proofs
attempted rate
fined
fined grained
fined using
fined according
fined based
fined similarly
fined patterns
judgements
judgements collected
judgements made
judgements based
judgements using
judgements across
judgements data
summarize
summarize related
summarize relevant
summarize texts
summarize multiple
summarize different
summarize information
connections
connections among
connections across
connections within
connections weight
connections back
connections found
kenneth
kenneth church
kenneth ward
kenneth beesley
kenneth goodman
kenneth mark
kenneth laws
branch
branch ordinary
branch coverage
branch algorithm
branch report
branch point
branch points
revised
revised submission
revised version
revised selected
revised edition
revised johns
revised query
readable
readable dictionaries
readable dictionary
readable form
readable format
readable texts
readable version
inform
inform assoc
inform action
inform ation
inform future
inform user
inform name
stephan
stephan vogel
stephan oepen
stephan hermann
stephan johnson
stephan walter
stephan kristina
prefixes
prefixes suffixes
prefixes stem
prefixes stems
prefixes like
prefixes include
prefixes using
dence
dence score
dence scores
dence learning
dence assumptions
dence assumption
dence measure
usefulness
usefulness content
usefulness usability
usefulness although
usefulness criterion
usefulness encourage
usefulness evaluation
varied
varied widely
varied greatly
varied across
varied according
varied depending
varied considerably
mercer
mercer robert
mercer smoothing
mercer vincent
mercer street
mercer introduction
mercer department
fuzzy
fuzzy match
fuzzy matching
fuzzy sets
fuzzy matches
fuzzy clustering
fuzzy logic
comma
comma separated
comma insertion
comma classification
comma period
comma errors
comma disambiguation
sponding
sponding word
sponding words
sponding semantic
sponding target
sponding feature
sponding english
ized
ized parsing
ized reordering
ized words
ized expectation
ized tree
ized language
tains
tains information
tains many
tains several
tains three
tains approximately
tains around
determination
determination module
determination process
determination task
determination system
determination rules
determination problem
characterized
characterized using
characterized better
characterized fully
characterized word
characterized according
characterized along
unary
unary rules
unary rule
unary productions
unary branching
unary predicates
unary constraints
moved
moved away
moved towards
moved constituent
moved element
moved around
moved back
neighbor
neighbor hood
neighbor words
neighbor algorithm
neighbor rank
neighbor classification
neighbor classifier
bracketing
bracketing guidelines
bracketing accuracy
bracketing information
bracketing model
bracketing transduction
bracketing structure
projected
projected onto
projected trees
projected labels
projected data
projected gradient
projected dependency
verify
verify whether
verify empirically
verify task
verify correct
verify using
verify automatically
baroni
baroni marco
baroni university
baroni alessandro
baroni center
baroni lenci
baroni eduard
agenda
agenda based
agenda graph
agenda item
agenda setting
agenda items
agenda driven
satisfaction
satisfaction problem
satisfaction inference
satisfaction scores
satisfaction ratings
satisfaction precedence
satisfaction transitions
sebastian
sebastian riedel
sebastian pad´o
sebastian spain
sebastian bach
sebastian pages
sebastian berlin
adjuncts
adjuncts using
adjuncts time
adjuncts argm
adjuncts like
adjuncts according
adjuncts rather
glosses
glosses associated
glosses provided
glosses containing
glosses contain
glosses obtained
glosses used
superior
superior performance
superior results
superior perfor
superior model
superior accuracy
superior quality
actor
actor focus
actor name
actor door
actor orig
actor alignment
actor object
looked
looked like
looked upon
looked around
looked specifically
looked look
looked directly
socher
socher alex
socher christopher
socher john
socher eric
socher jeffrey
socher daniel
countries
countries check
countries cities
countries like
countries including
countries members
countries figure
expresses
expresses positive
expresses doubt
expresses information
expresses opinion
expresses different
expresses explicit
montreal
montreal canada
montreal august
montreal montreal
montreal road
montreal pages
montreal alon
solely
solely based
solely relies
solely used
solely responsible
solely using
solely determined
choi
choi claire
choi alexander
choi yoav
choi martha
choi marie
choi eric
inherent
inherent ambiguity
inherent difficulty
inherent properties
inherent features
inherent limitations
inherent problem
probabil
probabil ities
probabil orig
merely
merely using
merely based
merely requires
merely used
merely need
merely adding
accessible
accessible form
accessible computing
accessible online
accessible data
accessible corpus
accessible discourse
inducing
inducing features
inducing multilingual
inducing word
inducing syntactic
inducing translation
inducing semantic
literary
literary texts
literary works
literary text
literary studies
literary analysis
literary work
agreed
agreed upon
agreed annotations
agreed content
agreed well
agreed among
agreed better
displays
displays results
displays sentences
displays used
displays annotated
displays figure
displays information
lewis
lewis david
lewis johnson
lewis carroll
lewis method
lewis university
lewis robert
minimize
minimize errors
minimize perplexity
minimize false
minimize human
minimize redundancy
minimize dependency
portland
portland oregon
portland state
portland june
portland back
portland band
portland bill
cant
cant improvements
cant improvement
cant differences
cant difference
cant wait
cant tell
suggesting
suggesting possible
suggesting future
suggesting related
suggesting relevant
suggesting ways
suggesting word
nonterminals
nonterminals correspond
nonterminals terminals
nonterminals used
nonterminals would
nonterminals according
nonterminals allows
realistic
realistic scenario
realistic setting
realistic applications
realistic evaluation
realistic data
realistic model
windows
windows mobile
windows based
windows size
windows around
windows platform
windows sizes
limitation
limitation since
limitation comes
limitation arises
limitation applies
limitation could
limitation would
reviewed
reviewed papers
reviewed manually
reviewed entity
reviewed product
reviewed data
reviewed existing
signals
signals used
signals absence
signals like
signals present
signals derived
signals including
came
came across
came back
came first
came close
came home
came within
capabilities
capabilities required
capabilities beyond
capabilities provided
capabilities limitations
capabilities including
capabilities even
kluwer
kluwer academic
kluwer dordrecht
kluwer international
kluwer boston
kluwer springer
kluwer pages
meetings
meetings training
meetings organized
meetings using
meetings corpus
meetings held
meetings human
formulas
formulas used
formulas automated
formulas representing
formulas containing
formulas corresponding
formulas using
harder
harder task
harder problem
harder since
harder time
harder test
harder tasks
vote
vote determining
vote entropy
vote based
vote among
vote prediction
vote method
examining
examining machine
examining whether
examining automatic
examining different
examining table
examining individual
mars
mars system
mars test
mars using
mars experiences
mars cfgs
mars application
univ
univ univ
univ press
univ paris
univ fact
univ geneva
univ model
forming
forming system
forming systems
forming part
forming better
forming word
forming model
mented
mented using
mented system
mented machine
mented sentence
mented transition
mented text
mobile
mobile phone
mobile devices
mobile phones
mobile device
mobile robot
mobile system
propositional
propositional content
propositional attitudes
propositional logic
propositional attitude
propositional aspects
propositional meaning
insights
insights gained
insights regarding
insights applications
insights point
insights concerning
insights obtained
kaufmann
kaufmann publishers
kaufmann series
kaufmann pages
kaufmann amsterdam
kaufmann june
kaufmann july
moschitti
moschitti university
moschitti nianwen
moschitti alessandro
moschitti preslav
moschitti tree
moschitti relational
ready
ready made
ready present
ready available
ready access
ready copy
ready exist
recursively
recursively defined
recursively applied
recursively generate
recursively computed
recursively using
recursively nested
summarizes
summarizes statistics
summarizes results
summarizes information
summarizes previous
summarizes work
summarizes research
agency
agency darpa
agency contract
agency said
agency arpa
agency copy
agency japan
ject
ject object
ject verb
ject position
ject noun
ject matter
ject domain
lawrence
lawrence erlbaum
lawrence hunter
lawrence page
lawrence hall
lawrence davis
lawrence chris
signs
signs symptoms
signs like
signs associated
signs indicate
signs could
signs used
games
games corpus
games played
games carlson
games require
games using
games nathan
joachims
joachims thorsten
joachims thomas
joachims cornell
joachims editors
joachims laura
joachims making
idioms
idioms like
idioms processing
idioms dictionary
idioms collocations
idioms structural
idioms could
lost
lost rhetorical
lost language
lost blind
lost time
lost information
lost negation
consisted
consisted mainly
consisted solely
consisted entirely
consisted primarily
consisted almost
consisted simply
tutor
tutor dialogue
tutor question
tutor feedback
tutor responses
tutor utterances
tutor moves
junichi
junichi tsujii
begins
begins ends
begins tomorrow
begins online
begins right
begins immediately
begins learning
blogs
blogs using
blogs forums
blogs news
blogs reviews
blogs discussion
blogs social
deeper
deeper analysis
deeper understanding
deeper semantic
deeper linguistic
deeper level
deeper syntactic
eighth
eighth street
eighth workshop
eighth international
eighth conference
eighth text
eighth ijcai
philosophy
philosophy university
philosophy selected
philosophy linguistics
philosophy behind
philosophy edited
philosophy pages
marc
marc moens
marc light
marc john
marc span
marc steedman
marc martin
descrip
descrip tion
descrip tions
descrip tive
descrip orig
descrip tors
descrip tively
williams
williams college
williams microsoft
williams test
williams hall
williams jason
williams theresa
passages
passages containing
passages retrieved
passages exploring
passages returned
passages based
passages using
signature
signature module
signature modules
signature terms
signature words
signature transform
signature based
adapting
adapting existing
adapting translation
adapting semantic
adapting system
adapting text
adapting chart
affects
affects performance
affects translation
affects word
affects parsing
affects precision
affects recall
bell
bell laboratories
bell labs
bell communications
bell tree
bell system
bell smoothing
kathleen
kathleen mckeown
kathleen mccoy
kathleen fraser
kathleen rose
kathleen make
kathleen ellen
surprisingly
surprisingly well
surprisingly good
surprisingly high
surprisingly little
surprisingly effective
surprisingly small
umls
umls semantic
umls concepts
umls concept
umls integrating
umls knowledge
umls terms
ditional
ditional random
ditional probability
ditional features
ditional information
ditional probabilities
ditional feature
idiomatic
idiomatic expressions
idiomatic expression
idiomatic phrases
idiomatic meaning
idiomatic interpretation
idiomatic combinations
plied
plied natural
plied linguistics
plied mathematics
plied morphological
plied directly
plied successfully
searches
searches using
searches within
searches based
searches among
searches performed
searches involving
terns
terns based
terns like
terns using
terns observed
terns extracted
terns hold
copies
copies returned
copies must
copies post
copies total
copies available
copies made
radev
radev university
radev dragomir
radev beth
radev timothy
radev department
radev school
wanted
wanted detailed
wanted mary
wanted list
wanted tony
wanted training
wanted bill
lang
lang bernard
lang german
lang ford
lang english
lang model
lang pair
trace
trace back
trace information
trace tagger
trace languages
trace language
trace prediction
adjunction
adjunction operation
adjunction site
adjunction sites
adjunction operations
adjunction node
adjunction takes
fraction
fraction level
fraction count
fraction less
fraction responses
fraction example
fraction fraction
outline
outline future
outline several
outline three
outline part
outline related
outline different
determiners
determiners prepositions
determiners like
determiners pronouns
determiners auxiliaries
determiners conjunctions
determiners nouns
spanning
spanning tree
spanning trees
spanning multiple
spanning analysis
spanning parse
spanning words
employs
employs three
employs several
employs machine
employs different
employs multiple
employs semantic
affixes
affixes clitics
affixes using
affixes could
affixes stem
affixes however
affixes including
predefined
predefined threshold
predefined categories
predefined list
predefined number
predefined rules
predefined sense
schwartz
schwartz john
schwartz richard
schwartz lance
schwartz university
schwartz brian
schwartz ralph
aggregation
aggregation rules
aggregation function
aggregation operations
aggregation using
aggregation rule
aggregation functions
tensor
tensor based
tensor product
tensor factorization
tensor decomposition
tensor network
tensor networks
adequacy
adequacy fluency
adequacy judgments
adequacy evaluation
adequacy scores
adequacy judgment
adequacy score
coefficients
coefficients obtained
coefficients using
coefficients like
coefficients used
coefficients learned
coefficients corresponding
mate
mate tools
mate parser
mate workbench
mate markup
mate scheme
mate project
morph
morph based
morph lexicon
morph length
morph stem
morph mentions
morph analyzer
nese
nese word
nese treebank
nese language
nese characters
nese sentences
nese english
materials
materials used
materials consisted
materials including
materials together
materials produced
materials include
backoff
backoff model
backoff models
backoff smoothing
backoff strategy
backoff language
backoff weight
serious
serious problem
serious problems
serious issue
serious challenge
serious attempt
serious difficulties
cision
cision recall
cision tree
cision trees
cision making
cision process
cision values
eugene
eugene charniak
eugene char
eugene blum
eugene yang
eugene kevin
eugene oregon
rankings
rankings produced
rankings based
rankings using
rankings obtained
rankings according
rankings consistent
baker
baker charles
baker michael
baker fillmore
baker christiane
baker street
baker mona
hedge
hedge cues
hedge detection
hedge classification
hedge scope
hedge words
hedge identification
ternational
ternational conference
ternational workshop
ternational joint
ternational journal
ternational natural
ternational symposium
correcting
correcting errors
correcting deletions
correcting spelling
correcting words
correcting output
correcting grammatical
taylor
taylor berg
taylor francis
taylor series
taylor formula
taylor editors
taylor approximation
barbara
barbara grosz
barbara aravind
barbara hall
barbara joshi
barbara california
barbara barry
investigating
investigating whether
investigating different
investigating ways
investigating regular
investigating methods
investigating lexical
navigli
navigli roberto
navigli clustering
navigli kenneth
navigli university
navigli paola
navigli david
nucleus
nucleus satellite
nucleus coda
nucleus type
nucleus precedes
nucleus nucleus
nucleus noun
pointing
pointing gestures
pointing gesture
pointing actions
pointing device
pointing towards
pointing action
encodes
encodes information
encodes whether
encodes many
encodes syntactic
encodes lexical
encodes word
refined
refined version
refined grammar
refined alignment
refined model
refined method
refined using
wider
wider range
wider context
wider variety
wider scope
wider coverage
wider class
roots
roots like
roots patterns
roots stems
roots machine
roots whose
roots combine
coming
coming back
coming years
coming months
coming increasingly
coming decade
coming year
francisco
francisco california
francisco morgan
francisco costa
francisco pereira
francisco tomorrow
francisco system
curacy
curacy using
curacy rates
curacy obtained
curacy scores
curacy achieved
curacy across
feel
feel like
feel ings
feel confident
feel free
feel better
feel good
grounded
grounded language
grounded learning
grounded compositional
grounded models
grounded semantic
grounded semantics
sification
sification task
sification accuracy
sification problem
sification tasks
sification using
sification performance
chat
chat text
chat logs
chat language
chat room
chat messages
chat oriented
collecting
collecting data
collecting information
collecting speech
collecting human
collecting statistics
collecting image
standing
standing conference
standing system
standing problem
standing orders
standing systems
standing conferences
board
board members
board posts
board corpus
board game
board member
board games
phases
phases first
phases like
phases analysis
phases namely
phases argument
phases described
demonstration
demonstration session
demonstration sessions
demonstration papers
demonstration system
demonstration program
demonstration purposes
excluding
excluding punctuation
excluding stop
excluding stopwords
excluding words
excluding cases
excluding punc
logue
logue systems
logue system
logue management
logue acts
logue manager
logue move
ease
ease formula
ease mentions
ease comparison
ease names
ease symptom
ease mention
pruned
pruned away
pruned model
pruned using
pruned tree
pruned models
pruned search
singer
singer names
singer orig
singer category
singer nathan
singer yoram
singer meaning
galley
galley mark
galley jonathan
galley kathleen
galley michel
galley chris
galley michael
west
west germany
west university
west africa
west african
west bank
west group
cultural
cultural heritage
cultural differences
cultural background
cultural context
cultural aspects
cultural studies
nition
nition system
nition errors
nition using
nition performance
nition systems
nition task
consonants
consonants vowels
consonants within
consonants except
consonants like
consonants represented
consonants called
rochester
rochester rochester
rochester april
rochester institute
rochester series
rochester department
rochester computer
coordinate
coordinate structures
coordinate structure
coordinate descent
coordinate conjunctions
coordinate ellipsis
coordinate noun
toutanova
toutanova kristina
toutanova christopher
toutanova microsoft
toutanova stuart
toutanova haghighi
toutanova chris
statistic
statistic based
statistic carletta
statistic cohen
statistic parsing
statistic features
statistic measures
ported
ported results
ported speech
ported scores
ported across
ported disk
ported easily
sity
sity press
sity computing
sity function
sity college
sity problems
sity sweden
arises
arises whether
arises naturally
arises however
arises frequently
arises partly
arises regarding
contrary
contrary evidence
contrary using
contrary information
contrary since
contrary words
contrary japanese
fusion
fusion matrix
fusion method
fusion network
fusion methods
fusion module
fusion networks
csli
csli publications
csli lecture
csli stanford
csli press
csli studies
csli test
snow
snow daniel
snow ball
snow learning
snow jurafsky
snow architecture
snow based
switch
switch board
switch graph
switch graphs
switch points
switch post
switch back
assessing
assessing agreement
assessing readability
assessing whether
assessing machine
assessing text
assessing students
modifying
modifying noun
modifying adjectives
modifying nouns
modifying words
modifying adjective
modifying word
erroneous
erroneous sentences
erroneous words
erroneous word
erroneous characters
erroneous character
erroneous information
guided
guided learning
guided summarization
guided sentence
guided parsing
guided search
guided transformation
telephone
telephone speech
telephone conversations
telephone based
telephone number
telephone conversation
telephone corporation
arbor
arbor michigan
arbor june
arbor editor
arbor rayner
arbor communications
arbor computers
basque
basque country
basque language
basque wordnet
basque dependency
basque french
basque government
expressive
expressive power
expressive enough
expressive subjective
expressive speech
expressive ness
expressive language
contiguous
contiguous phrases
contiguous tree
contiguous sequence
contiguous sequences
contiguous spans
contiguous words
complementary
complementary information
complementary distribution
complementary strengths
complementary approach
complementary approaches
complementary features
relying
relying solely
relying heavily
relying instead
relying upon
relying exclusively
relying primarily
implications
implications alone
implications beyond
implications discovered
implications follow
implications found
implications must
litman
litman diane
litman university
litman disambiguation
litman michael
litman discourse
litman julia
pared
pared across
pared using
pared based
pared several
pared directly
pared performance
someone
someone else
someone would
someone loves
someone might
someone something
someone could
eliminate
eliminate many
eliminate spurious
eliminate candidates
eliminate incorrect
eliminate redundant
eliminate noise
outcome
outcome measures
outcome statements
outcome measure
outcome variable
outcome would
outcome extractor
subsequently
subsequently used
subsequently applied
subsequently processed
subsequently apply
subsequently developed
subsequently added
pointed
pointed node
pointed brackets
pointed action
pointed toward
pointed adding
pointed model
employing
employing different
employing efficient
employing discourse
employing compositional
employing various
employing machine
indian
indian languages
indian language
indian institute
indian proper
indian statistical
indian food
dialects
dialects pages
dialects using
dialects spoken
dialects share
dialects used
dialects including
characterize
characterize different
characterize human
characterize word
characterize semantic
characterize words
characterize verb
competition
competition among
competition results
competition model
competition learning
competition based
competition sets
oregon
oregon june
oregon health
oregon graduate
oregon state
oregon eugene
oregon august
lexico
lexico syntactic
lexico semantic
lexico grammatical
lexico graphic
lexico structural
lexico statistical
spec
spec ified
spec orig
spec pred
spec spec
spec every
spec head
transcribed
transcribed speech
transcribed data
transcribed utterances
transcribed spoken
transcribed text
transcribed words
transduction
transduction grammars
transduction grammar
transduction gram
transduction rules
transduction model
transduction models
paradigms
paradigms across
paradigms used
paradigms table
paradigms based
paradigms including
paradigms could
stevenson
stevenson university
stevenson department
stevenson unsupervised
stevenson statistical
stevenson editors
stevenson barbara
nous
nous avons
nous nous
nous tree
nous encourage
nous grammar
nous well
beled
beled data
beled examples
beled training
beled instances
beled attachment
beled documents
insight
insight centre
insight behind
insight regarding
insight could
insight gained
insight shown
operate
operate within
operate directly
operate upon
operate independently
operate without
operate across
underspecified
underspecified semantic
underspecified representations
underspecified representation
underspecified semantics
underspecified logical
underspecified discourse
avenue
avenue pittsburgh
avenue menlo
avenue murray
avenue cambridge
avenue columbus
avenue santa
smoothed
smoothed using
smoothed model
smoothed version
smoothed language
smoothed probability
smoothed bleu
growth
growth rate
growth size
growth curve
growth automata
growth curves
growth property
infinite
infinite number
infinite tree
infinite sets
infinite pcfg
infinite sequence
infinite verb
intend
intend also
intend something
intend drink
intend figure
intend james
intend transfer
claire
claire cardie
claire gardent
claire held
claire williams
claire boguraev
claire michael
informed
informed phrasal
informed baseline
informed features
informed decisions
informed statistical
informed choice
tendency
tendency towards
tendency toward
tendency among
tendency shown
tendency observed
tendency rather
beneficial
beneficial effect
beneficial effects
beneficial since
beneficial even
beneficial impact
beneficial especially
drive
drive singapore
drive suite
drive austin
drive west
drive cambridge
drive machine
polysemous
polysemous words
polysemous word
polysemous verbs
polysemous nouns
polysemous verb
polysemous adjectives
extends
extends beyond
extends previous
extends phrases
extends naturally
extends easily
extends standard
interpreting
interpreting natural
interpreting pattern
interpreting update
interpreting anaphors
interpreting bleu
interpreting temporal
male
male female
male speakers
male person
male pairs
male male
male speaker
emphasis
emphasis added
emphasis placed
emphasis given
emphasis however
emphasis factors
emphasis upon
typing
typing errors
typing speed
typing system
typing error
typing interface
typing model
biology
biology domain
biology articles
biology pages
biology text
biology knowledge
biology texts
daughter
daughter nodes
daughter node
daughter categories
daughter constituents
daughter category
daughter function
unrestricted
unrestricted text
unrestricted texts
unrestricted coreference
unrestricted english
unrestricted relation
unrestricted domains
website
website http
website contains
website also
website called
website provides
website using
axioms
axioms defining
axioms given
axioms extracted
axioms used
axioms could
axioms hold
clustered
clustered together
clustered using
clustered according
clustered based
clustered word
clustered model
anna
anna korhonen
anna feldman
anna university
anna lisa
anna anna
anna bosch
denoting
denoting objects
denoting expressions
denoting whether
denoting nouns
denoting noun
denoting events
limits
limits imposed
limits however
limits sentence
limits system
limits allowed
limits analysis
previ
previ ously
previ orig
previ punc
previ sion
previ syntactic
icml
icml pages
icml workshop
icml volume
icml page
icml conference
icml work
writers
writers purpose
writers workbench
writers native
writers emotion
writers often
writers intentions
rent
rent neural
rent state
rent word
rent work
rent research
rent model
pervised
pervised learning
pervised methods
pervised approach
pervised training
pervised machine
pervised word
divide
divide words
divide sentences
divide documents
divide long
divide sentence
divide training
numerous
numerous studies
numerous applications
numerous ways
numerous examples
numerous cases
numerous approaches
recurrent
recurrent neural
recurrent networks
recurrent network
recurrent models
recurrent continuous
recurrent sound
spontaneous
spontaneous speech
spontaneous spoken
spontaneous conversation
spontaneous conversations
spontaneous dialogues
spontaneous discourse
dorr
dorr richard
dorr bonnie
dorr generating
dorr university
dorr david
dorr graeme
sentation
sentation language
sentation learning
sentation scheme
sentation theory
sentation used
sentation format
cycle
cycle free
cycle begins
cycle phase
cycle constraints
cycle variable
cycle continues
lection
lection process
lection method
lection methods
lection algorithm
lection strategy
lection using
ance
ance length
ance matrix
ance across
ance matrices
ance meaning
ance improvement
charac
charac ters
charac orig
checks
checks whether
checks money
checks based
checks every
checks agreement
checks must
fair
fair comparison
fair amount
fair evaluation
fair agreement
fair number
fair test
fillers
fillers within
fillers based
fillers according
fillers also
fillers cannot
fillers given
formulated
formulated using
formulated within
formulated queries
formulated rules
formulated according
formulated based
affective
affective text
affective states
affective computing
affective extension
affective content
affective state
asking
asking questions
asking point
asking whether
asking human
asking subjects
asking people
broadcast
broadcast news
broadcast conversation
broadcast conversations
broadcast data
broadcast information
broadcast speech
lattices
lattices produced
lattices using
lattices generated
lattices rather
lattices obtained
lattices containing
reliably
reliably annotated
reliably identify
reliably distinguish
reliably estimate
reliably predict
reliably identified
basically
basically three
basically consists
basically used
basically follows
basically means
basically equivalent
dent
dent research
dent variable
dent responses
dent answers
dent response
dent learning
katz
katz brown
katz backoff
katz back
katz smoothing
katz editor
katz graham
loop
loop fast
loop lines
loop starting
loop number
loop continues
loop method
mexico
mexico state
mexico city
mexico calculate
mexico february
mexico mexico
mexico june
pierre
pierre isabelle
pierre nugues
pierre yves
pierre pierre
pierre part
pierre albert
taiwan
taiwan university
taiwan normal
taiwan mandarin
taiwan region
taiwan august
taiwan hong
implementing
implementing typed
implementing systemic
implementing binding
implementing several
implementing automata
implementing different
seattle
seattle washington
seattle april
seattle seattle
seattle august
seattle october
seattle july
knows
knows something
knows whether
knows nothing
knows everything
knows exactly
knows baseline
eventually
eventually lead
eventually leads
eventually reach
eventually result
eventually used
eventually become
frameworks
frameworks pages
frameworks like
frameworks used
frameworks including
frameworks based
frameworks require
rated
rated predictions
rated aspect
rated higher
rated significantly
rated highly
rated scores
smooth
smooth shift
smooth transition
smooth ness
smooth turn
smooth topic
smooth function
suite
suite orig
suite technology
suite generation
suite classifier
suite cooper
suite includes
participated
participated systems
participated also
participated algorithms
participated averaging
participated last
participated system
connect
connect words
connect nodes
connect pairs
connect entities
connect concepts
connect together
timothy
timothy baldwin
timothy osborne
timothy miller
timothy colin
timothy buckwalter
timothy anderson
analogy
analogy questions
analogy task
analogy based
analogy principle
analogy tasks
analogy detection
array
array based
array structure
array structures
array grammar
array element
array data
lets
lets consider
lets assume
lets look
lets take
lets call
lets start
calculus
calculus expressions
calculus expression
calculus based
calculus lambek
calculus formulas
calculus meaning
noah
noah smith
noah goodman
noah like
noah white
noah computes
noah constant
switching
switching points
switching speech
switching corpus
switching texts
switching data
switching pages
brants
brants thorsten
brants google
brants sabine
brants mark
brants eric
brants franz
conflict
conflict resolution
conflict attack
conflict arises
conflict free
conflict sets
conflict detection
insert
insert delete
insert empty
insert null
insert insert
insert state
insert textual
east
east asian
east japan
east china
east stroudsburg
east technical
east west
tended
tended constituent
tended meaning
tended version
tended referent
tended domain
tended gloss
identifier
identifier classifier
identifier features
identifier used
identifier associated
identifier using
identifier dans
market
market prediction
market street
market reports
market place
market research
market change
derivational
derivational morphology
derivational relations
derivational affixes
derivational suffixes
derivational processes
derivational morphological
indicative
indicative features
indicative informative
indicative words
indicative summaries
indicative present
indicative summary
sofia
sofia bulgaria
sofia university
sofia ananiadou
sofia appears
sofia anders
sofia bulgarian
angeles
angeles california
angeles times
angeles june
angeles scientific
angeles makes
angeles become
brian
brian roark
brian murphy
brian kingsbury
brian young
brian davis
brian harris
execution
execution time
execution times
execution speed
execution method
execution trace
execution plan
hans
hans uszkoreit
hans kamp
hans ulrich
hans peter
hans hans
hans christian
norm
norm orig
norm push
norm regularization
norm like
norm rather
norm defined
aravind
aravind joshi
aravind webber
aravind main
aravind jonathan
aravind susan
aravind eugene
confirmed
confirmed filled
confirmed relations
confirmed using
confirmed slots
confirmed cases
confirmed experimentally
graduate
graduate school
graduate students
graduate center
graduate programs
graduate institute
graduate student
ered
ered using
ered correct
ered important
ered positions
ered relevant
ered sentences
mine
mine whether
mine parallel
mine information
mine large
mine determining
mine query
priors
priors matter
priors using
priors based
priors used
priors method
priors estimated
genera
genera tion
genera tive
genera tors
genera orig
genera tions
genera tively
greece
greece march
greece september
greece pages
greece production
greece june
greece abstract
moment
moment correlation
moment please
moment time
moment within
moment coefficient
moment corre
origin
origin entity
origin words
origin source
origin detection
origin city
origin destination
player
player game
player names
player characters
player must
player team
player application
stuttgart
stuttgart germany
stuttgart university
stuttgart stuttgart
stuttgart submissions
stuttgart institute
stuttgart west
esti
esti mated
esti mate
esti mation
esti orig
esti cost
esti electrical
tant
tant role
tant supervision
tant information
tant feature
tant task
tant words
went
went home
went wrong
went back
went away
went beyond
went well
dialogs
dialogs using
dialogs acquired
dialogs robinson
dialogs collected
dialogs generated
dialogs srinivas
november
november december
november february
november computational
november delivery
november demo
november issue
tity
tity recognition
tity mentions
tity linking
tity type
tity types
tity extraction
balance
balance theory
balance precision
balance matching
balance among
balance value
balance factor
benchmark
benchmark data
benchmark dataset
benchmark datasets
benchmark corpus
benchmark collection
benchmark corpora
interestingly
interestingly enough
interestingly even
interestingly although
interestingly however
interestingly using
interestingly though
manchester
manchester august
manchester england
manchester united
manchester manchester
manchester institute
manchester corpus
documentation
documentation pages
documentation projects
documentation system
documentation project
documentation generation
documentation http
clean
clean data
clean text
clean parallel
clean english
clean separation
clean broad
clude
clude information
clude features
clude words
clude semantic
clude lexical
clude several
land
land oregon
land mark
land marks
land august
land korea
land july
strube
strube michael
strube hahn
strube heidelberg
strube ponzetto
strube european
strube hits
appli
appli cations
appli cation
appli orig
appli ances
appli individual
appli ance
love
love story
love love
love letters
love life
love orig
love mary
consortium
consortium philadelphia
consortium university
consortium pages
consortium catalog
consortium oxford
consortium http
closure
closure properties
closure algorithm
closure operation
closure property
closure chain
closure operations
dependents
dependents relation
dependents relations
dependents rule
dependents rules
dependents fragment
dependents using
financial
financial support
financial news
financial domain
financial institution
financial reports
financial services
reasonably
reasonably well
reasonably good
reasonably high
reasonably large
reasonably sized
reasonably accurate
unable
unable blocks
unable complete
unable cover
unable different
unable fully
unable however
england
england cambridge
england august
england john
england journal
england pages
england university
explains
explains also
explains away
explains certain
explains different
explains many
explains part
gaze
gaze data
gaze features
gaze information
gaze direction
gaze behavior
gaze duration
stronger
stronger baseline
stronger correlation
stronger evidence
stronger association
stronger effect
stronger constraint
transcriptions
transcriptions using
transcriptions used
transcriptions produced
transcriptions based
transcriptions provided
transcriptions resulting
slight
slight improvement
slight modification
slight decrease
slight increase
slight drop
slight difference
female
female male
female female
female speakers
female names
female speaker
female voice
gigaword
gigaword corpus
gigaword corpora
gigaword fifth
gigaword fourth
gigaword data
gigaword second
greek
greek letters
greek language
greek italian
greek english
greek text
greek dependency
edits
edits made
edits required
edits system
edits needed
edits extracted
edits package
illinois
illinois urbana
illinois institute
illinois system
illinois press
illinois university
illinois coref
bootstrap
bootstrap ping
bootstrap method
bootstrap samples
bootstrap learning
bootstrap test
bootstrap sampling
duction
duction rules
duction grammar
duction grammars
duction rule
duction system
duction model
grow
grow diag
grow exponentially
grow linearly
grow diagonal
grow proto
grow larger
ngram
ngram features
ngram statistics
ngram model
ngram based
ngram corpus
ngram language
grade
grade level
grade levels
grade students
grade short
grade reading
grade science
resentation
resentation learning
resentation theory
resentation language
resentation used
resentation model
resentation proposed
twenty
twenty five
twenty first
twenty years
twenty four
twenty fifth
twenty second
vided
vided training
vided along
vided data
vided evidence
vided development
vided either
environments
environments give
environments pages
environments without
environments containing
environments like
environments since
advance
advance ment
advance research
advance whether
advance papers
advance access
advance notice
roark
roark brian
roark oregon
roark parser
roark margaret
roark richard
roark google
reward
reward function
reward functions
reward func
reward signal
reward model
reward gained
predictor
predictor variables
predictor tagger
predictor components
predictor coefficient
predictor component
predictor step
cific
cific domain
cific domains
cific task
cific word
cific language
cific features
patent
patent translation
patent retrieval
patent claims
patent documents
patent classification
patent machine
happen
happen next
happen within
happen even
happen often
happen without
happen however
simplest
simplest case
simplest form
simplest approach
simplest model
simplest possible
simplest method
smallest
smallest number
smallest unit
smallest possible
smallest distance
smallest value
smallest grammar
professional
professional translators
professional society
professional writers
professional translation
professional translator
professional human
explanations
explanations given
explanations improves
explanations based
explanations using
explanations produced
explanations generated
pascal
pascal recognising
pascal challenges
pascal vincent
pascal workshop
pascal denis
pascal recognizing
deals
deals exclusively
deals mainly
deals well
deals almost
deals better
deals primarily
rithms
rithms used
rithms using
rithms based
rithms described
rithms including
rithms could
seek
seek information
seek answers
seek identify
seek help
seek advice
seek manual
hirschberg
hirschberg julia
hirschberg columbia
hirschberg diane
hirschberg graeme
hirschberg litman
hirschberg department
notated
notated corpus
notated data
notated corpora
notated training
notated sentences
notated text
push
push buttons
push singh
push arcs
push computation
push ranking
push operation
dominance
dominance constraints
dominance relations
dominance graph
dominance relation
dominance graphs
dominance edges
shifts
shifts towards
shifts occur
shifts within
shifts focus
shifts among
shifts barbara
receives
receives information
receives input
receives higher
receives feedback
receives user
receives enough
symmetric
symmetric dirichlet
symmetric patterns
symmetric word
symmetric relation
symmetric similarity
symmetric matrix
optimizing
optimizing search
optimizing chinese
optimizing dialogue
optimizing parameters
optimizing semantic
optimizing word
bruce
bruce croft
bruce hayes
bruce matthew
bruce porter
bruce rebecca
bruce bolt
customer
customer reviews
customer service
customer care
customer review
customer opinions
customer support
mono
mono lingual
mono tone
mono syllabic
mono logue
mono orig
mono target
outlined
outlined earlier
outlined allow
outlined previously
outlined together
outlined briefly
outlined finally
variability
variability across
variability among
variability within
variability rules
variability inherent
variability introduced
priority
priority queue
priority union
priority model
priority programme
priority order
priority vertex
copestake
copestake university
copestake default
copestake lexical
copestake alex
copestake benjamin
copestake computer
diab
diab nizar
diab columbia
diab mona
diab daniel
diab ahmed
diab department
respec
respec tively
respec tive
respec orig
respec table
statisti
statisti cally
statisti orig
relating
relating complexity
relating wordnet
relating probabilistic
relating words
relating events
relating senses
satisfies
satisfies constraints
satisfies condition
satisfies certain
satisfies equation
satisfies every
satisfies properties
reflected
reflected also
reflected across
reflected among
reflected approximately
reflected different
reflected differently
designing
designing statistical
designing features
designing effective
designing interactive
designing dialogue
designing algorithms
feng
feng jing
feng chen
feng yang
feng martin
feng feng
feng orig
nancy
nancy france
nancy green
nancy chang
nancy grand
nancy likes
nancy generation
animal
animal names
animal animal
animal sense
animal plant
animal kingdom
animal body
composite
composite kernel
composite index
composite language
composite feature
composite kernels
composite service
incorporates
incorporates several
incorporates information
incorporates many
incorporates knowledge
incorporates additional
incorporates features
indication
indication whether
indication never
indication table
indication drug
indication fred
indication however
music
music domain
music mood
music information
music reviews
music pieces
music player
chooses
chooses among
chooses actions
chooses sentences
chooses another
chooses randomly
chooses sense
constrain
constrain word
constrain possible
constrain rule
constrain search
constrain speech
constrain semantic
goodman
goodman joshua
goodman reference
goodman microsoft
goodman reduction
goodman semiring
goodman index
linguist
linguist would
linguist friendly
linguist list
linguist attribute
linguist must
linguist expert
contact
contact induced
contact information
contact info
contact author
contact center
contact management
illustration
illustration consider
illustration purposes
illustration figure
illustration purpose
illustration table
illustration assume
treating
treating coordination
treating english
treating different
treating word
treating discourse
treating every
athens
athens greece
athens university
athens international
athens georgia
athens june
athens march
elsewhere
elsewhere back
elsewhere optional
elsewhere check
elsewhere first
elsewhere proceedings
elsewhere circle
iteratively
iteratively trained
iteratively improve
iteratively refine
iteratively update
iteratively adding
iteratively merges
programme
programme committee
programme grant
programme funded
programme office
programme marie
programme chairs
proximity
proximity based
proximity fields
proximity score
proximity search
proximity field
proximity measure
tribution
tribution across
tribution function
tribution based
tribution given
tribution within
tribution free
bear
bear david
bear john
bear little
bear concept
bear bear
bear left
condi
condi tional
condi tions
condi tion
condi tioned
condi orig
condi tionally
anything
anything else
anything like
anything beyond
anything useful
anything except
anything outside
outperformed
outperformed using
outperformed previous
outperformed traditional
outperformed word
outperformed others
outperformed models
johns
johns hopkins
johns belief
johns paper
johns father
johns mother
johns house
analogous
analogous fashion
analogous results
analogous manner
analogous approach
analogous word
analogous problem
applicability
applicability conditions
applicability condition
applicability degree
applicability condi
applicability semantics
applicability threshold
attributed
attributed grammar
attributed grammars
attributed relational
attributed solely
attributed null
attributed graph
goldberg
goldberg david
goldberg sandra
goldberg yoav
goldberg university
goldberg michael
goldberg computer
released
released data
released version
released training
released publicly
released corpus
released dataset
comput
comput orig
comput ling
comput methods
comput ability
comput able
comput back
primitive
primitive actions
primitive elements
primitive concepts
primitive types
primitive action
primitive features
revealed
revealed several
revealed three
revealed interesting
revealed significant
revealed four
revealed many
contract
contract number
contract grant
contract numbers
contract report
contract good
contract signed
exceptions
exceptions like
exceptions include
exceptions exist
exceptions rule
exceptions however
exceptions daelemans
clue
clue words
clue word
clue instance
clue terms
clue instances
clue expression
ensures
ensures high
ensures complete
ensures consistency
ensures correct
ensures accurate
ensures coverage
freebase
freebase relations
freebase entities
freebase data
freebase types
freebase relation
freebase type
baltimore
baltimore maryland
baltimore mary
baltimore june
baltimore april
baltimore avenue
baltimore paul
click
click data
click logs
click prediction
click graph
click pairs
click patterns
bing
bing zhao
bing zhang
bing xiang
bing translator
bing search
bing translate
dimensionality
dimensionality reduction
dimensionality reduc
dimensionality reduced
dimensionality space
dimensionality area
dimensionality volume
filling
filling task
filling knowledge
filling slots
filling system
filling systems
filling tasks
susan
susan dumais
susan brown
susan brennan
susan robinson
susan jones
susan gave
ument
ument frequency
ument classification
ument level
ument retrieval
ument collection
ument summarization
cept
cept based
cept pairs
cept extraction
cept words
cept hierarchies
cept type
splits
splits used
splits provided
splits words
splits sections
splits using
splits wrong
visualization
visualization tool
visualization tools
visualization techniques
visualization software
visualization component
visualization system
implementations
implementations available
implementations provided
implementations however
implementations include
implementations would
implementations based
partic
partic ular
partic orig
partic identified
partic chine
partic duration
partic present
comprises
comprises three
comprises several
comprises four
comprises information
comprises approximately
comprises pairs
erage
erage number
erage precision
erage length
erage accuracy
erage sentence
erage performance
humanities
humanities pages
humanities computing
humanities research
humanities volume
humanities researchers
humanities special
intensive
intensive care
intensive methods
intensive task
intensive approaches
intensive process
intensive approach
cies
cies among
cies using
cies either
cies within
cies must
cies rather
combina
combina tion
combina tions
combina tory
combina orig
combina tors
combina tional
notions
notions like
notions introduced
notions used
notions related
notions concerning
notions defined
chairs
chairs michael
chairs claire
chairs june
chairs chris
chairs next
chairs sandra
contrastive
contrastive estimation
contrastive analysis
contrastive divergence
contrastive study
contrastive connectives
contrastive stress
guarantee
guarantee high
guarantee convergence
guarantee consistency
guarantee efficient
guarantee finding
guarantee good
thai
thai word
thai language
thai english
thai text
thai sentence
thai land
quasi
quasi synchronous
quasi logical
quasi trees
quasi nodes
quasi tree
quasi dependency
schabes
schabes yves
schabes editors
schabes anne
schabes deterministic
schabes martin
schabes shieber
senti
senti ment
senti wordnet
senti ments
senti features
senti orig
senti corp
commands
commands like
commands given
commands node
commands alexander
commands questions
commands using
functionality
functionality provided
functionality based
functionality allows
functionality offered
functionality within
functionality without
hopkins
hopkins university
hopkins kevin
hopkins summer
hopkins univer
hopkins univ
hopkins press
ling
ling luke
ling matthew
ling chris
ling austin
ling spam
ling huang
tail
tail nodes
tail entity
tail entities
tail node
tail elements
tail noun
univer
univer sity
univer orig
univer site
univer glish
univer sites
elaboration
elaboration relation
elaboration relations
elaboration elaboration
elaboration object
elaboration additional
elaboration discourse
metaphorical
metaphorical expressions
metaphorical meaning
metaphorical sense
metaphorical expression
metaphorical language
metaphorical mappings
romanian
romanian english
romanian academy
romanian language
romanian journal
romanian text
romanian word
morphosyntactic
morphosyntactic features
morphosyntactic information
morphosyntactic properties
morphosyntactic annotation
morphosyntactic analysis
morphosyntactic tagging
foundations
foundations specifications
foundations underlying
foundations foundations
foundations including
foundations linguistic
foundations course
apple
apple computer
apple apple
apple tree
apple computers
apple google
apple figure
woman
woman orig
woman woman
woman figure
woman person
woman girl
woman gave
directional
directional similarity
directional word
directional entailment
directional models
directional relation
directional dependency
specificity
specificity values
specificity scores
specificity measure
specificity score
specificity value
specificity level
tives
tives like
tives nouns
tives adverbs
tives verbs
tives occur
tives according
bounds
bounds given
bounds theoretical
bounds using
bounds derived
bounds exist
bounds obtained
live
live search
live tests
live journal
live system
live table
live chat
snippets
snippets returned
snippets retrieved
snippets containing
snippets obtained
snippets based
snippets come
graphic
graphic representation
graphic shows
graphic design
graphic information
graphic form
graphic features
connecting
connecting language
connecting words
connecting nodes
connecting phrases
connecting word
connecting edges
carefully
carefully designed
carefully selected
carefully chosen
carefully controlled
carefully constructed
carefully edited
formats
formats including
formats used
formats like
formats appendix
formats currently
formats using
refinement
refinement model
refinement process
refinement module
refinement based
refinement rule
refinement models
remarks
remarks session
remarks although
remarks concerning
remarks full
remarks invited
remarks made
bojar
bojar alexandra
bojar christian
bojar orig
bojar charles
bojar ondrej
bojar david
segmentations
segmentations produced
segmentations given
segmentations using
segmentations performed
segmentations respectively
segmentations along
stylistic
stylistic features
stylistic variation
stylistic differences
stylistic goals
stylistic elements
stylistic analysis
cations
cations pages
cations like
cations including
cations volume
cations include
cations using
geneva
geneva switzerland
geneva university
geneva august
geneva geneva
geneva eric
geneva james
hungarian
hungarian academy
hungarian english
hungarian method
hungarian algorithm
hungarian corpus
hungarian korean
sidner
sidner attention
sidner bolt
sidner digital
sidner focusing
sidner grosz
sidner model
magnitude
magnitude larger
magnitude faster
magnitude smaller
magnitude estimation
magnitude less
magnitude higher
policies
policies either
policies using
policies trained
policies learned
policies generic
policies learnt
foot
foot node
foot nodes
foot feature
foot ball
foot features
foot note
responsible
responsible author
responsible party
responsible system
responsible chemical
responsible made
responsible person
reveal
reveal important
reveal whether
reveal different
reveal interesting
reveal differences
reveal information
addressing
addressing issues
addressing behavior
addressing information
addressing problem
addressing problems
addressing data
etzioni
etzioni michael
etzioni daniel
etzioni anthony
etzioni matthew
etzioni oren
etzioni university
ongoing
ongoing work
ongoing research
ongoing project
ongoing task
ongoing process
ongoing dialogue
sandra
sandra k¨ubler
sandra carberry
sandra williams
sandra thompson
sandra maria
sandra katz
bridging
bridging anaphora
bridging references
bridging relations
bridging descriptions
bridging reference
bridging resolution
elhadad
elhadad michael
elhadad mckeown
elhadad parsing
elhadad columbia
elhadad kathleen
elhadad sameer
evolution
evolution lessons
evolution based
evolution strategy
evolution equations
evolution optimization
evolution paul
spurious
spurious ambiguity
spurious ambiguities
spurious words
spurious word
spurious mentions
spurious matches
associates
associates publishers
associates words
associates probabilities
associates second
associates lexical
associates names
diagram
diagram shows
diagram generation
diagram design
diagram editor
diagram showing
diagram illustrating
witten
witten bell
witten frank
witten carl
witten gordon
witten chinese
witten daniel
boost
boost performance
boost recall
boost word
boost accuracy
boost precision
boost model
island
island korea
island south
island china
island constraints
island parsing
island driven
alessandro
alessandro moschitti
alessandro lenci
alessandro bernardo
alessandro helsinki
alessandro paul
months
months later
months years
months worth
months days
months prior
months since
acquiring
acquiring lexical
acquiring knowledge
acquiring semantic
acquiring paraphrases
acquiring disambiguation
acquiring information
benjamin
benjamin snyder
benjamin roth
benjamin rosenfeld
benjamin marie
benjamin taskar
benjamin douglas
creative
creative commons
creative technologies
creative writing
creative language
creative evaluating
creative process
median
median number
median string
median rank
median value
median score
median values
weather
weather information
weather reports
weather conditions
weather report
weather data
weather domain
favor
favor ably
favor precision
favor recall
favor able
favor short
favor shorter
scalable
scalable inference
scalable text
scalable natural
scalable modified
scalable decoder
scalable global
sibling
sibling nodes
sibling features
sibling node
sibling parts
sibling classes
sibling head
dong
dong hong
dong nguyen
dong yang
dong wang
dong richard
dong tomoko
quirk
quirk chris
quirk microsoft
quirk robert
quirk stephan
quirk colin
quirk bill
highlighted
highlighted user
highlighted word
highlighted words
highlighted sentence
highlighted keywords
highlighted sentences
incrementally
incrementally adding
incrementally added
incrementally using
incrementally build
incrementally updated
incrementally builds
enriched
enriched vector
enriched models
enriched tree
enriched parser
enriched semantic
enriched scfg
spectral
spectral clustering
spectral learning
spectral graph
spectral analysis
spectral algorithm
spectral methods
correlate
correlate well
correlate strongly
correlate better
correlate highly
correlate significantly
correlate positively
sigdial
sigdial workshop
sigdial pages
sigdial meeting
sigdial work
sigdial conference
sigdial board
bits
bits required
bits needed
bits char
bits bits
bits kernel
bits used
nguyen
nguyen bach
nguyen jordan
nguyen alessandro
nguyen university
nguyen jian
nguyen noah
portions
portions collected
portions marked
portions using
portions among
portions appropriately
portions corresponding
summit
summit pages
summit viii
summit volume
summit meeting
summit nice
summit speech
edward
edward grefenstette
edward arnold
edward briscoe
edward berwick
edward schwartz
edward hovy
capacity
capacity weak
capacity theory
capacity interval
capacity limits
capacity expansion
capacity readers
qual
qual orig
qual ified
qual ities
qual ability
qual attempt
qual classifica
steve
steve young
steve jobs
steve lawrence
steve abney
steve pulman
steve walker
ellen
ellen riloff
ellen foster
ellen voorhees
ellen prince
ellen wright
ellen janyce
enter
enter next
enter state
enter text
enter information
enter keys
enter lisp
multinomial
multinomial distribution
multinomial distributions
multinomial naive
multinomial model
multinomial logistic
multinomial distribu
presenting
presenting information
presenting results
presenting various
presenting evidence
presenting examples
presenting facts
prompt
prompt specific
prompt based
prompt response
prompt words
prompt texts
prompt orig
ignoring
ignoring punctuation
ignoring ties
ignoring case
ignoring word
ignoring irrelevant
ignoring tense
vide
vide additional
vide enough
vide useful
vide information
vide better
vide evidence
bitext
bitext maps
bitext space
bitext mapping
bitext projection
bitext correspondence
bitext alignment
levenshtein
levenshtein distance
levenshtein edit
levenshtein algorithm
levenshtein based
levenshtein alignment
levenshtein distances
removal
removal algorithm
removal process
removal stemming
removal step
removal would
removal predicates
eduard
eduard hovy
eduard mitchell
eduard briscoe
eduard mcdonald
eduard julia
eduard margaret
expanding
expanding productivity
expanding domain
expanding queries
expanding step
expanding textual
expanding sequence
relates
relates directly
relates words
relates linguistic
relates lexical
relates back
relates concepts
reveals
reveals several
reveals interesting
reveals however
reveals differences
reveals significant
reveals similar
switzerland
switzerland august
switzerland working
switzerland september
switzerland prof
switzerland pages
switzerland send
discontinuous
discontinuous constituents
discontinuous phrases
discontinuous phrase
discontinuous constituency
discontinuous constituent
discontinuous segments
latin
latin script
latin alphabet
latin american
latin america
latin characters
latin square
publishing
publishing company
publishing house
publishing group
publishing corporation
publishing computational
publishing corp
roberto
roberto navigli
roberto basili
roberto maria
roberto alessandro
roberto bateman
roberto diego
panel
panel discussion
panel shows
panel session
panel displays
panel figure
panel discussions
valency
valency frames
valency frame
valency lexicon
valency information
valency dictionary
valency patterns
broader
broader range
broader context
broader perspective
broader coverage
broader class
broader term
hmms
hmms trained
hmms using
hmms crfs
hmms states
hmms used
hmms viterbi
portant
portant role
portant information
portant feature
portant words
portant aspects
portant task
rapid
rapid development
rapid growth
rapid progress
rapid annotation
rapid construction
rapid increase
chomsky
chomsky normal
chomsky hierarchy
chomsky adjunction
chomsky grammars
chomsky chomsky
chomsky also
flight
flight information
flight user
flight number
flight please
flight flight
flight leaves
ordinary
ordinary english
ordinary text
ordinary language
ordinary words
ordinary people
ordinary dictionary
weischedel
weischedel ralph
weischedel finite
weischedel university
weischedel editors
weischedel bolt
weischedel string
geoffrey
geoffrey holmes
geoffrey leech
geoffrey hinton
geoffrey pullum
geoffrey raymond
geoffrey roger
apparent
apparent lack
apparent similarity
apparent error
apparent difference
apparent differences
apparent difficulty
courses
courses proceedings
courses revised
courses additional
courses offered
courses students
courses tools
inner
inner product
inner loop
inner products
inner nodes
inner structure
inner node
jeffrey
jeffrey dean
jeffrey mark
jeffrey jordan
jeffrey ullman
jeffrey pound
jeffrey divergence
operating
operating system
operating systems
operating point
operating characteristic
operating points
operating statistics
coref
coref erence
coref erent
coref orig
coref approach
coref coref
coref system
academy
academy award
academy press
academy research
academy publishers
academy dictionary
academy faculty
alter
alter native
alter nations
alter nate
alter nation
alter ation
alter orig
corporation
corporation santa
corporation taiwan
corporation richardson
corporation japan
corporation christopher
corporation cambridge
ging
ging using
ging accuracy
ging model
ging scheme
ging results
ging task
wong
wong mark
wong department
wong jian
wong mooney
wong fillmore
wong dekai
constitutes
constitutes good
constitutes acceptable
constitutes another
constitutes approximately
constitutes adequate
constitutes almost
federico
federico nicola
federico marcello
federico alessandro
federico anna
federico bertoldi
federico evan
obtains
obtains better
obtains higher
obtains state
obtains high
obtains good
obtains results
sounds
sounds like
sounds good
sounds words
sounds natural
sounds produced
sounds associated
julia
julia hirschberg
julia hockenmaier
julia roberts
julia diane
julia johnson
julia prentice
hypernyms
hypernyms hyponyms
hypernyms according
hypernyms extracted
hypernyms synonyms
hypernyms using
hypernyms wordnet
song
song feng
song titles
song sentiment
song title
song name
song long
trieval
trieval pages
trieval conference
trieval system
trieval performance
trieval using
trieval systems
cluding
cluding punctuation
cluding information
cluding syntactic
cluding word
cluding several
cluding machine
importantly
importantly however
importantly though
importantly many
importantly since
importantly also
importantly note
portugal
portugal september
portugal pages
portugal program
portugal june
portugal lisbon
portugal october
pressions
pressions mwes
pressions like
pressions using
pressions pages
pressions analysis
pressions based
repetition
repetition scoring
repetition repairs
repetition methods
repetition rate
repetition probability
repetition requests
miss
miss many
miss important
miss rate
miss probability
miss errors
miss classified
poorly
poorly represented
poorly understood
poorly estimated
poorly compared
poorly written
poorly structured
amples
amples include
amples like
amples given
amples presented
amples provided
amples shown
cording
cording allow
cording allowing
cording aspect
cording connections
cording orig
cording scheme
ontonotes
ontonotes corpus
ontonotes data
ontonotes project
ontonotes hovy
ontonotes release
ontonotes sense
considerations
considerations lead
considerations suggest
considerations apply
considerations regarding
considerations like
considerations made
negated
negated event
negated events
negated findings
negated context
negated term
negated sentences
poses
poses challenges
poses many
poses problems
poses significant
poses several
poses additional
possessive
possessive pronouns
possessive pronoun
possessive marker
possessive noun
possessive relation
possessive adjective
aspectual
aspectual class
aspectual classification
aspectual classes
aspectual type
aspectual information
aspectual properties
vious
vious work
vious section
vious studies
vious research
vious experiments
vious approaches
disjoint
disjoint sets
disjoint subsets
disjoint reference
disjoint union
disjoint windows
disjoint classes
norms
norms mutual
norms collected
norms using
norms provide
norms grounding
norms based
counter
counter intuitive
counter examples
counter example
counter parts
counter part
counter facts
exercise
exercise book
exercise generation
exercise items
exercise specific
exercise types
exercise type
selec
selec tion
selec tional
selec tive
selec tions
selec tors
selec orig
storage
storage space
storage requirements
storage capacity
storage format
storage units
storage costs
feed
feed back
feed forward
feed orig
feed data
feed future
feed input
marquez
marquez adam
marquez technical
marquez lluis
marquez xavier
marquez alessandro
marquez universitat
predic
predic tion
predic tions
predic tive
predic tors
predic orig
predic ation
prepared
prepared manually
prepared training
prepared using
prepared data
prepared three
prepared based
slow
slow convergence
slow process
slow mixing
slow reply
slow speech
slow speed
structuring
structuring human
structuring knowledge
structuring experiments
structuring method
structuring probabilistic
structuring task
heidelberg
heidelberg germany
heidelberg university
heidelberg springer
heidelberg pages
heidelberg institute
heidelberg berlin
nominals
nominals using
nominals getting
nominals including
nominals task
nominals nouns
nominals correctly
proven
proven useful
proven effective
proven successful
proven difficult
proven particularly
proven quite
demo
demo session
demo graphic
demo track
demo system
demo version
demo paper
extractor
extractor using
extractor based
extractor system
extractor uses
extractor described
extractor module
rose
rose finkel
rose approach
rose rank
rose mark
rose orig
rose alex
star
star rating
star free
star ratings
star patterns
star indicates
star project
affix
affix patterns
affix rules
affix features
affix information
affix based
affix rule
perceived
perceived task
perceived quality
perceived coherence
perceived similarity
perceived system
perceived level
ball
ball orig
ball extracting
ball game
ball would
ball park
ball figure
cited
cited paper
cited papers
cited work
cited document
cited documents
cited articles
daily
daily life
daily news
daily basis
daily newspaper
daily corpus
daily living
brain
brain sciences
brain activity
brain stem
brain activation
brain data
brain theory
excellent
excellent results
excellent performance
excellent work
excellent source
excellent overview
excellent survey
raising
raising verbs
raising verb
raising rule
raising rules
raising constructions
raising text
trento
trento italy
trento rise
trento university
trento trento
trento sameer
trento universal
zens
zens chris
zens rwth
zens richard
zens franz
zens hermann
zens christopher
accord
accord ingly
accord orig
accord station
accord avec
accord entre
accord concordance
karttunen
karttunen lauri
karttunen ronald
karttunen kaplan
karttunen word
karttunen jean
karttunen xerox
validity
validity score
validity preserving
validity values
validity measure
validity scoring
validity assessment
falls
falls within
falls short
falls back
falls outside
falls behind
falls church
navigation
navigation instructions
navigation system
navigation systems
navigation task
navigation domain
navigation instruction
deciding
deciding whether
deciding factor
deciding upon
deciding given
deciding among
deciding dependency
hierarchies
hierarchies using
hierarchies based
hierarchies alshawi
hierarchies could
hierarchies rogets
hierarchies since
preci
preci sion
preci orig
preci sions
preci preci
respond
respond appropriately
respond directly
respond quickly
respond using
respond module
respond within
conditioned
conditioned upon
conditioned probabilities
conditioned features
conditioned unification
conditioned word
conditioned accuracy
disambiguating
disambiguating word
disambiguating noun
disambiguating words
disambiguating information
disambiguating prepositional
disambiguating region
pagerank
pagerank algorithm
pagerank citation
pagerank page
pagerank score
pagerank scores
pagerank based
discrimination
discrimination task
discrimination power
discrimination systems
discrimination learning
discrimination rate
discrimination accuracy
send
send membership
send nagao
send rosner
send books
send check
send messages
subtasks
subtasks including
subtasks like
subtasks involved
subtasks namely
subtasks respectively
subtasks using
bution
bution across
bution function
bution problem
bution functions
bution modeling
bution associated
cache
cache model
cache based
cache models
cache size
cache feature
cache language
cepts
cepts using
cepts rather
cepts related
cepts extracted
cepts like
cepts used
dependence
dependence assumptions
dependence assumption
dependence relations
dependence among
dependence relation
dependence model
individually
individually using
individually trained
individually annotated
individually without
individually tailored
individually learned
matically
matically generated
matically extracted
matically correct
matically annotated
matically identify
matically acquired
month
month period
month year
month names
month date
month name
month number
recover
recover empty
recover information
recover many
recover missing
recover certain
recover original
scfg
scfg rules
scfg rule
scfg based
scfg decoding
scfg model
scfg grammar
companion
companion volume
companion paper
companion pages
companion series
companion publication
companion dialogue
extractive
extractive summarization
extractive summaries
extractive summary
extractive multi
extractive summa
extractive summariza
rebecca
rebecca passonneau
rebecca bruce
rebecca watson
rebecca bates
rebecca green
rebecca resnik
thousands
thousands figure
thousands words
thousands entries
thousands upon
thousands millions
thousands random
classifi
classifi cation
classifi cations
classifi orig
encouraging
encouraging results
encouraging result
encouraging given
encouraging since
encouraging consistent
encouraging especially
intensity
intensity level
intensity mean
intensity function
intensity classification
intensity scores
intensity levels
substrings
substrings containing
substrings within
substrings associated
substrings allowing
substrings starting
substrings accepted
sures
sures based
sures used
sures like
sures derived
sures described
sures include
demand
demand information
demand frame
demand copies
demand frames
demand computation
demand driven
straight
straight forward
straight line
straight ahead
straight lines
straight order
straight rule
boulder
boulder colorado
boulder boulder
boulder language
boulder kevin
boulder department
boulder institute
demon
demon strate
demon orig
demon pron
demon shown
demon associated
demon interpreter
scales
scales well
scales linearly
scales clustering
scales better
scales falling
scales much
capital
capital letters
capital letter
capital ization
capital ized
capital city
capital words
cent
cent work
cent years
cent advances
cent research
cent studies
cent agreement
crossing
crossing brackets
crossing branches
crossing dependencies
crossing edges
crossing arcs
crossing links
readily
readily available
readily avail
readily applicable
readily applied
readily accessible
readily apparent
ticular
ticular word
ticular context
ticular domain
ticular type
ticular language
ticular interest
delete
delete words
delete rules
delete insert
delete information
delete list
delete lists
···
··· ···
··· orig
··· sharon
··· meeting
··· break
··· table
xerox
xerox research
xerox palo
xerox parc
xerox finite
xerox corporation
xerox tagger
dordrecht
dordrecht kluwer
dordrecht holland
dordrecht netherlands
dordrecht pages
dordrecht boston
dordrecht springer
dropped
dropped pronouns
dropped subjects
dropped pronoun
dropped words
dropped arguments
dropped since
kneser
kneser hermann
kneser pruning
mini
mini batch
mini mental
mini orig
mini document
mini reference
mini computer
francis
francis bond
francis group
francis bach
francis jeffrey
francis real
francis mona
manage
manage ment
manage able
manage information
manage syntactic
manage lexical
manage orig
medline
medline abstracts
medline database
medline citations
medline corpus
medline abstract
medline search
council
council canada
council grant
council taiwan
council institute
council discovery
council future
certainty
certainty factor
certainty level
certainty degree
certainty factors
certainty score
certainty based
proceeds
proceeds iteratively
proceeds bottom
proceeds according
proceeds recursively
proceeds incrementally
proceeds along
fillmore
fillmore charles
fillmore christopher
fillmore ralph
fillmore johnson
fillmore paul
fillmore david
dissertation
dissertation university
dissertation department
dissertation abstracts
dissertation stanford
dissertation stuttgart
dissertation computer
initialization
initialization step
initialization procedure
initialization phase
initialization orig
initialization function
initialization strategies
organizing
organizing committee
organizing maps
organizing semantic
organizing principle
organizing principles
organizing commit
pdtb
pdtb prasad
pdtb annotation
pdtb style
pdtb corpus
pdtb group
pdtb sense
compilation
compilation process
compilation procedure
compilation step
compilation time
compilation method
compilation techniques
surdeanu
surdeanu john
surdeanu richard
surdeanu nianwen
surdeanu mihai
surdeanu david
surdeanu stanford
cohn
cohn chris
cohn phil
cohn sharon
cohn trevor
cohn university
cohn department
forced
forced alignment
forced decoding
forced choice
forced align
forced alignments
forced decod
indefinite
indefinite noun
indefinite article
indefinite articles
indefinite determiner
indefinite pronouns
indefinite descriptions
talking
talking head
talking points
talking heads
talking robots
talking dictionaries
talking machines
card
card pyramid
card number
card information
card discussion
card game
card segment
michel
michel galley
michel simard
michel lang
michel yuan
michel mark
michel denis
prominent
prominent role
prominent features
prominent among
prominent example
prominent feature
prominent ones
suffer
suffer much
suffer less
suffer loss
suffer greatly
suffer significant
suffer however
ilarity
ilarity measures
ilarity measure
ilarity scores
ilarity metric
ilarity based
ilarity score
summa
summa rization
summa ries
summa tion
summa orig
summa tions
summa rise
deriving
deriving lexical
deriving semantic
deriving translation
deriving word
deriving features
deriving rules
locally
locally optimal
locally coherent
locally normalized
locally weighted
locally trained
locally within
alternations
alternations levin
alternations like
alternations subcategorization
alternations involve
alternations mccarthy
alternations since
grateful
grateful thanks
grateful fear
grateful acknowledgement
grateful also
grateful dead
grateful happy
coffee
coffee break
coffee machine
coffee table
coffee session
coffee growing
coffee machines
michigan
michigan june
michigan state
michigan press
michigan university
michigan slavic
michigan bonnie
jelinek
jelinek john
jelinek mercer
jelinek judith
jelinek robert
jelinek fred
jelinek model
sive
sive neural
sive power
sive voice
sive feature
sive evaluation
sive grammar
bearing
bearing words
bearing sentences
bearing word
bearing terms
bearing sentence
bearing units
vast
vast majority
vast amount
vast amounts
vast number
vast major
vast literature
capability
capability would
capability allows
capability based
capability provided
capability balanced
capability even
permutation
permutation test
permutation matrix
permutation tests
permutation classes
permutation tree
permutation trees
unrelated
unrelated english
unrelated words
unrelated languages
unrelated word
unrelated pairs
unrelated meanings
gathered
gathered using
gathered together
gathered data
gathered information
gathered statistics
gathered automatically
graeme
graeme hirst
graeme kennedy
graeme discourse
graeme donald
graeme john
graeme alexander
heavy
heavy sentences
heavy rain
heavy traffic
heavy approach
heavy burden
heavy weight
alexandra
alexandra birch
alexandra constantin
alexandra klein
alexandra callison
alexandra miles
alexandra herbst
blind
blind test
blind people
blind person
blind evaluation
blind relevance
blind testing
expertise
expertise level
expertise required
expertise levels
expertise model
expertise score
expertise models
lexically
lexically based
lexically specified
lexically similar
lexically driven
lexically specific
lexically ambiguous
mouse
mouse click
mouse clicks
mouse pointer
mouse button
mouse actions
mouse movements
pause
pause duration
pause length
pause durations
pause units
pause information
pause lengths
repository
repository based
repository contains
repository using
repository corr
repository also
repository area
depicted
depicted events
depicted using
depicted actions
depicted objects
depicted orig
depicted role
exploits
exploits corpus
exploits linguistic
exploits syntactic
exploits information
exploits semantic
exploits unlabeled
wilks
wilks university
wilks department
wilks preference
wilks interaction
wilks system
wilks brian
sketch
sketch engine
sketch techniques
sketch array
sketch algorithms
sketch based
sketch maps
allocation
allocation blei
allocation method
allocation model
allocation topic
allocation based
allocation using
broken
broken plural
broken line
broken lines
broken arbitrarily
broken system
broken apart
nips
nips pages
nips workshop
nips volume
nips deep
nips vancouver
nips dataset
generality
generality assume
generality since
generality specificity
generality across
generality although
generality suppose
anne
anne marie
anne catherine
anne anderson
anne david
anne editor
anne copestake
europe
europe grenoble
europe france
europe mail
europe media
europe read
europe pages
relaxed
relaxed algorithm
relaxed hybrid
relaxed version
relaxed match
relaxed evaluation
relaxed matching
simon
simon fraser
simon king
simon tong
simon fung
simon smith
simon baker
aggregate
aggregate analysis
aggregate score
aggregate statistics
aggregate information
aggregate features
aggregate measures
increasingly
increasingly important
increasingly popular
increasingly difficult
increasingly large
increasingly complex
increasingly sophisticated
modular
modular architecture
modular system
modular approach
modular design
modular entity
modular toolkit
operates
operates directly
operates independently
operates upon
operates within
operates according
operates without
rooted
rooted tree
rooted directed
rooted trees
rooted subtree
rooted initial
rooted ordered
levy
levy roger
levy yoav
levy department
levy university
levy phrase
levy david
extreme
extreme case
extreme cases
extreme example
extreme values
extreme positions
extreme form
grapheme
grapheme phoneme
grapheme based
grapheme conversion
grapheme sequences
grapheme sequence
grapheme string
substitutions
substitutions insertions
substitutions deletions
substitutions required
substitutions needed
substitutions within
substitutions based
uncertain
uncertain sentences
uncertain information
uncertain input
uncertain belief
uncertain certain
uncertain whether
preparation
preparation process
preparation phase
preparation part
preparation steps
preparation time
preparation stage
substitute
substitute vectors
substitute word
substitute words
substitute vector
substitute candidates
substitute indicated
uments
uments containing
uments retrieved
uments based
uments using
uments according
uments belonging
austin
austin texas
austin austin
austin james
austin united
austin university
austin katrin
drops
drops significantly
drops dramatically
drops considerably
drops slightly
drops rapidly
drops quickly
maintaining
maintaining knowledge
maintaining high
maintaining consistency
maintaining good
maintaining large
maintaining accuracy
nega
nega tive
nega tion
nega tively
nega tions
nega tives
nega orig
register
register variation
register operations
register features
register analysis
register differences
register specific
argumentation
argumentation mining
argumentation schemes
argumentation theory
argumentation scheme
argumentation structure
argumentation system
guess
guess list
guess based
guess whether
guess baseline
guess possible
guess randomly
gories
gories based
gories using
gories assigned
gories like
gories trained
gories used
ivan
ivan titov
ivan loves
ivan ivan
ivan andrew
ivan gerald
ivan timothy
kumar
kumar singh
kumar franz
kumar wolfgang
kumar google
kumar mari
kumar gupta
weka
weka data
weka hall
weka toolkit
weka machine
weka witten
weka implementation
scenes
scenes using
scenes containing
scenes based
scenes created
scenes involving
scenes used
load
load time
load associated
load times
load conditions
load fast
load placed
parents
parents head
parents children
parents label
parents cannot
parents lemma
parents state
profiles
profiles using
profiles could
profiles obtained
profiles based
profiles become
profiles across
communities
communities working
communities together
communities around
communities involved
communities obtained
communities visited
opti
opti orig
opti configuration
opti denotes
opti models
opti phrase
opti speech
srilm
srilm toolkit
srilm stolcke
srilm language
srilm tool
srilm download
srilm package
clausal
clausal complement
clausal complements
clausal coordinate
clausal level
clausal subject
clausal arguments
infinitive
infinitive form
infinitive verb
infinitive marker
infinitive clause
infinitive forms
infinitive clauses
douglas
douglas appelt
douglas johnson
douglas jones
douglas moran
douglas roland
douglas bates
bengio
bengio yoshua
bengio pascal
bengio editors
bengio jeffrey
bengio olivier
bengio yoram
keyphrase
keyphrase extraction
keyphrase extrac
keyphrase based
keyphrase candidates
keyphrase indexing
keyphrase ranking
knowing
knowing whether
knowing exactly
knowing anything
knowing recipient
knowing something
knowing better
laboratories
laboratories murray
laboratories japan
laboratories singapore
laboratories research
laboratories robert
laboratories kathleen
aligner
aligner liang
aligner combination
aligner moore
aligner cannot
aligner giza
aligner achieves
heterogeneous
heterogeneous data
heterogeneous sources
heterogeneous annotations
heterogeneous information
heterogeneous features
heterogeneous nature
ideally
ideally suited
ideally like
ideally would
ideally require
ideally want
ideally also
multimedia
multimedia information
multimedia content
multimedia data
multimedia contents
multimedia language
multimedia interfaces
bengali
bengali script
bengali corpus
bengali language
bengali verb
bengali english
bengali news
binarization
binarization algorithm
binarization tree
binarization schemes
binarization method
binarization methods
binarization scheme
headed
headed phrase
headed phrases
headed tree
headed structures
headed strings
headed struc
synthetic
synthetic data
synthetic speech
synthetic phrases
synthetic translation
synthetic voice
synthetic dataset
companies
companies like
companies could
companies involved
companies listed
companies orig
companies apple
proposals
proposals concerning
proposals made
proposals presented
proposals based
proposals discussed
proposals pictures
tially
tially supported
tially correct
tially better
tially useful
tially different
tially funded
averaging
averaging across
averaging method
averaging methods
averaging precision
averaging scores
averaging results
played
played back
played together
played important
played played
played around
played football
raymond
raymond mooney
raymond reiter
raymond davis
raymond avenue
raymond dice
raymond williams
segmenting
segmenting text
segmenting sequence
segmenting words
segmenting chinese
segmenting information
segmenting speech
ship
ship attribution
ship among
ship arrived
ship file
ship holds
ship types
sider
sider three
sider whether
sider cases
sider figure
sider word
sider every
hyponym
hyponym hypernym
hyponym relation
hyponym pattern
hyponym relations
hyponym pairs
hyponym patterns
lemon
lemon model
lemon lexicon
lemon adaptive
lemon learning
lemon oliver
lemon school
participation
participation network
participation rate
participation compared
participation dans
participation program
participation roles
continues
continues recursively
continues speaking
continues iteratively
continues along
continues today
continues beyond
tfidf
tfidf weighted
tfidf score
tfidf weighting
tfidf term
tfidf scores
tfidf based
walter
walter daelemans
walter charles
walter editors
walter morphological
walter arabic
walter please
contributes
contributes significantly
contributes equally
contributes little
contributes much
contributes towards
contributes greatly
provement
provement across
provement could
provement using
provement although
provement compared
provement would
versity
versity press
versity college
versity computing
versity pittsburgh
versity department
versity prague
decreasing
decreasing order
decreasing frequency
decreasing trend
decreasing function
decreasing precision
decreasing accuracy
instantiation
instantiation principles
instantiation process
instantiation features
instantiation procedure
instantiation detection
instantiation patterns
participle
participle form
participle forms
participle verb
participle past
participle clause
participle suffix
info
info request
info orig
info boxes
info pubmed
info order
info tags
relaxation
relaxation labeling
relaxation techniques
relaxation algorithm
relaxation gibbs
relaxation process
relaxation method
princeton
princeton wordnet
princeton university
princeton word
princeton univer
princeton english
princeton annotated
simplify
simplify sentences
simplify notation
simplify matters
simplify inference
simplify text
simplify texts
reporting
reporting verbs
reporting results
reporting service
reporting verb
reporting events
reporting technical
lexicography
lexicography special
lexicography complex
lexicography terminology
lexicography computational
lexicography pages
lexicography chapter
biguation
biguation using
biguation task
biguation based
biguation system
biguation algorithm
biguation model
pearson
pearson correlation
pearson correlations
pearson education
pearson correla
pearson product
pearson corre
recogni
recogni tion
recogni orig
recogni tions
recogni system
utilizing
utilizing lexical
utilizing information
utilizing different
utilizing semantic
utilizing domain
utilizing syntactic
exclude
exclude certain
exclude punctuation
exclude cases
exclude instances
exclude sentences
exclude words
generalizations
generalizations across
generalizations based
generalizations using
generalizations governing
generalizations could
generalizations directly
tomatic
tomatic evaluation
tomatic speech
tomatic extraction
tomatic text
tomatic metrics
tomatic word
kuhn
kuhn national
kuhn george
kuhn morphological
kuhn department
kuhn roland
kuhn university
lexeme
lexeme based
lexeme models
lexeme lexicon
lexeme table
lexeme model
lexeme tables
translates
translates english
translates directly
translates chinese
translates japanese
translates source
translates phrases
proves
proves performance
proves useful
proves upon
proves results
proves accuracy
proves beneficial
debate
debate transcripts
debate posts
debate side
debate topic
debate topics
debate forums
moens
moens marc
moens editor
moens summarizing
moens department
moens steedman
moens marie
usages
usages based
usages though
usages occur
usages however
usages involving
usages katrin
priori
priori knowledge
priori probability
priori reason
priori importance
priori information
priori probabilities
querying
querying google
querying function
querying databases
querying syntactically
querying world
querying across
notations
notations used
notations using
notations like
notations associated
notations based
notations available
updating
updating model
updating process
updating quasi
updating rule
updating verb
updating discourse
discovering
discovering word
discovering relations
discovering terms
discovering parallel
discovering patterns
discovering lexical
intonation
intonation center
intonation patterns
intonation phrase
intonation model
intonation phrases
intonation pattern
ofacl
ofacl pages
ofacl ijcnlp
ofacl coling
ofacl eacl
ofacl workshop
ofacl short
analyse
analyse automatique
analyse texts
analyse data
analyse input
analyse whether
analyse news
mined
mined using
mined data
mined parallel
mined sequential
mined pairs
mined transliteration
faculty
faculty research
faculty members
faculty early
faculty award
faculty member
faculty goldsmith
dominant
dominant sense
dominant approach
dominant language
dominant senses
dominant role
dominant word
studying
studying language
studying human
studying discourse
studying different
studying english
studying natural
button
button press
button blue
button figure
button labeled
button clicks
button next
https
https github
https code
https sites
https opennlp
https twitter
https framenet
ltag
ltag based
ltag parser
ltag grammar
ltag parsing
ltag derivation
ltag semantics
answered
answered questions
answered correctly
answered using
answered incorrectly
answered without
answered question
proportional
proportional analogy
proportional odds
proportional overlap
proportional assignment
proportional difference
proportional matching
schmid
schmid helmut
schmid hinrich
schmid institute
schmid university
schmid hieu
schmid alexander
destination
destination state
destination node
destination city
destination states
destination document
destination nodes
february
february open
february april
february earthquake
february labs
february dates
february election
retained
retained since
retained except
retained intra
retained mixture
retained regions
retained throughout
gestures
gestures reveal
gestures using
gestures facial
gestures used
gestures pointing
gestures produced
advice
advice giving
advice system
advice based
advice constant
advice instruction
advice associated
velopment
velopment data
velopment corpus
velopment test
velopment sets
velopment dataset
velopment environment
segmenter
segmenter based
segmenter chang
segmenter using
segmenter achieves
segmenter trained
segmenter achieved
completeness
completeness conditions
completeness proof
completeness result
completeness condition
completeness results
completeness partial
logs
logs contain
logs using
logs user
logs collected
logs fabio
logs based
regulation
regulation events
regulation event
regulation network
regulation positive
regulation negative
regulation orig
verification
verification tool
verification process
verification step
verification rate
verification procedure
verification results
equivalents
equivalents using
equivalents within
equivalents database
equivalents pairs
equivalents provided
equivalents based
fier
fier using
fier trained
fier based
fier scope
fier uses
fier user
plex
plex task
plex sentences
plex questions
plex events
plex noun
plex predicates
teacher
teacher revised
teacher feedback
teacher education
teacher student
teacher might
teacher scores
unclear
unclear whether
unclear points
unclear cases
unclear however
unclear intention
unclear boundaries
clarification
clarification requests
clarification dialogue
clarification request
clarification questions
clarification question
clarification dialogues
numeric
numeric values
numeric features
numeric value
numeric score
numeric expressions
numeric feature
positional
positional information
positional features
positional ngram
positional semantics
positional distributional
positional ngrams
construc
construc tion
construc tions
construc orig
construc tive
construc tional
construc tors
examination
examination shows
examination suggests
examination reveals
examination data
examination scripts
examination behavior
param
param eters
param orig
param pred
param depend
param gender
param models
gained
gained popularity
gained much
gained considerable
gained increasing
gained significant
gained attention
lems
lems associated
lems encountered
lems including
lems like
lems arise
lems related
bioinformatics
bioinformatics institute
bioinformatics pages
bioinformatics conference
bioinformatics research
bioinformatics data
bioinformatics oxford
fire
fire mission
fire department
fire dept
fire dialogues
fire rules
fire phrases
highlight
highlight sources
highlight several
highlight choices
highlight different
highlight groups
highlight important
ilar
ilar words
ilar results
ilar contexts
ilar performance
ilar sentences
ilar approach
sports
sports team
sports domain
sports news
sports video
sports science
sports teams
ular
ular expressions
ular expression
ular language
ular biology
ular word
ular syntactic
citations
citations selected
citations retrieved
citations using
citations according
citations denoted
citations within
tract
tract features
tract length
tract variables
tract information
tract paraphrases
tract semantic
productive
productive word
productive derivational
productive patterns
productive polysemy
productive units
productive morphological
rameters
rameters using
rameters according
rameters fixed
rameters across
rameters involved
rameters must
embed
embed ding
embed orig
embed information
embed words
embed semantic
embed another
maxi
maxi orig
maxi mini
tering
tering algorithm
tering algorithms
tering method
tering model
tering based
tering methods
cancer
cancer patients
cancer stage
cancer corpus
cancer institute
cancer research
cancer treatment
exhaustive
exhaustive search
exhaustive list
exhaustive parsing
exhaustive analysis
exhaustive annotation
exhaustive feature
mirella
mirella lapata
mirella laws
mirella bruce
mirella regina
noting
noting however
noting whether
noting potential
noting type
noting ambiguity
noting morphological
realize
realize different
realize information
realize operator
realize discourse
realize several
realize actions
aver
aver ages
aver orig
aver across
aver combined
aver generalization
aver gives
factorization
factorization model
factorization algorithm
factorization models
factorization approach
factorization method
factorization methods
flickinger
flickinger carl
flickinger stephan
flickinger stanford
flickinger daniel
flickinger kristina
flickinger ivan
grammaticality
grammaticality judgments
grammaticality scores
grammaticality judgements
grammaticality score
grammaticality judgement
grammaticality focus
python
python script
python library
python code
python interface
python programming
python scripts
classifications
classifications made
classifications based
classifications described
classifications given
classifications agree
classifications available
inconsistent
inconsistent annotations
inconsistent information
inconsistent results
inconsistent annotation
inconsistent alignments
inconsistent words
mains
mains unchanged
mains blitzer
mains constant
mains like
mains pour
mains sont
osborne
osborne university
osborne editors
osborne miles
osborne school
osborne david
osborne michael
tionary
tionary entries
tionary definitions
tionary entry
tionary look
tionary based
tionary lookup
dist
dist orig
dist wordnet
dist last
dist sent
dist text
dist dist
isolation
isolation without
isolation using
isolation rather
isolation rank
isolation since
isolation however
maximization
maximization algorithm
maximization technique
maximization problem
maximization step
maximization approach
maximization algo
missed
missed class
missed cluster
missed samples
missed boundary
missed opportunities
missed parses
competing
competing systems
competing hypotheses
competing analyses
competing candidates
competing approaches
competing methods
crowdsourcing
crowdsourcing platform
crowdsourcing platforms
crowdsourcing system
crowdsourcing method
crowdsourcing translation
crowdsourcing task
dice
dice coefficient
dice score
dice scores
dice similarity
dice measure
dice coefficients
matical
matical relations
matical functions
matical function
matical error
matical features
matical errors
quences
quences instead
quences using
quences associated
quences containing
quences extracted
quences given
semcor
semcor corpus
semcor miller
semcor data
semcor bias
semcor first
semcor collection
stone
stone palmer
stone matthew
stone christine
stone aravind
stone towards
stone cross
colin
colin cherry
colin bannard
colin evans
colin wilson
colin batch
colin johnson
combinatory
combinatory categorial
combinatory rules
combinatory rule
combinatory logic
combinatory grammar
combinatory operations
modes
modes algorithm
modes equally
modes using
modes significantly
modes could
modes described
subsection
subsection describes
subsection presents
subsection discusses
subsection gives
subsection terms
subsection contains
perceptual
perceptual information
perceptual input
perceptual contrast
perceptual context
perceptual features
perceptual basis
refine
refine ment
refine ments
refine coreference
refine attribute
refine approach
refine queries
rada
rada mihalcea
rada ravi
rada timothy
rada university
rada wiebe
rada carlos
sproat
sproat richard
sproat oregon
sproat university
sproat alan
sproat google
sproat editor
arti
arti cles
arti orig
arti facts
arti fact
arti tive
arti factual
dict
dict whether
dict hybrid
dict rules
dict code
dict dictionary
dict sense
layout
layout structure
layout unit
layout units
layout information
layout analysis
layout elements
trials
trials subject
trials using
trials data
trials dataset
trials figure
trials domain
instrument
instrument agency
instrument role
instrument subject
instrument subjects
instrument location
instrument used
parametric
parametric bayesian
parametric model
parametric form
parametric models
parametric statistics
parametric theory
psycholinguistic
psycholinguistic research
psycholinguistic experiments
psycholinguistic studies
psycholinguistic database
psycholinguistic evidence
psycholinguistic model
threads
threads using
threads analyzing
threads collected
threads within
threads called
threads posts
worlds
worlds languages
worlds largest
worlds response
worlds semantics
worlds cooperation
worlds major
pauses
pauses within
pauses longer
pauses could
pauses filled
pauses following
pauses preceding
rors
rors made
rors occur
rors produced
rors caused
rors could
rors using
yahoo
yahoo answers
yahoo research
yahoo labs
yahoo search
yahoo japan
yahoo news
participate
participate actively
participate also
participate might
participate within
participate without
participate appropriately
gies
gies pages
gies naacl
gies short
gies volume
gies synonyms
gies used
eliminated
eliminated since
eliminated using
eliminated many
eliminated sentences
eliminated without
eliminated normalized
recursion
recursion semantics
recursion seman
recursion semantic
recursion elimination
recursion scheme
recursion depth
adjectival
adjectival modifiers
adjectival phrase
adjectival modification
adjectival modifier
adjectival phrases
adjectival nouns
skills
skills needed
skills required
skills necessary
skills reports
skills training
skills development
developers
developers must
developers working
developers need
developers point
developers guide
developers choose
entails
entails another
entails finding
entails several
entails different
entails estimating
entails replacing
hash
hash table
hash functions
hash tags
hash function
hash tables
hash coding
systematically
systematically explore
systematically related
systematically explored
systematically evaluate
systematically evaluated
systematically ambiguous
bidirectional
bidirectional sequence
bidirectional parsing
bidirectional model
bidirectional recurrent
bidirectional translation
bidirectional word
organizations
organizations locations
organizations like
organizations involved
organizations names
organizations persons
organizations places
contributed
contributed equally
contributed papers
contributed task
contributed significantly
contributed content
contributed greatly
offered
offered many
offered help
offered next
offered better
offered table
offered comments
miles
miles osborne
miles davis
miles south
miles away
miles west
miles north
surprise
surprise language
surprise data
surprise genre
surprise scores
surprise since
surprise anger
abilities
abilities associated
abilities based
abilities estimated
abilities assigned
abilities even
abilities measured
tiger
tiger treebank
tiger corpus
tiger tree
tiger search
tiger annotation
tiger brants
ization
ization factor
ization model
ization method
ization methods
ization parameter
ization system
isolated
isolated words
isolated word
isolated sentences
isolated crossing
isolated sentence
isolated cases
scotland
scotland july
scotland united
scotland abstract
scotland pages
scotland april
scotland http
bosch
bosch tilburg
bosch research
bosch andrew
bosch corp
bosch walter
bosch centre
jeju
jeju island
jeju republic
jeju korea
jeju south
jeju international
jeju google
yamada
yamada alex
yamada kenji
yamada matsumoto
yamada scheme
yamada philippe
yamada kentaro
amazon
amazon mechanical
amazon product
amazon reviews
amazon review
amazon dataset
amazon sentiment
billion
billion words
billion tokens
billion word
billion dollars
billion token
billion sentences
wordnets
wordnets synsets
wordnets yang
wordnets fellbaum
wordnets glosses
wordnets semantic
wordnets using
genitive
genitive case
genitive noun
genitive constructions
genitive marked
genitive construction
genitive marker
leverage
leverage existing
leverage information
leverage large
leverage unlabeled
leverage word
leverage syntactic
helped
helped improve
helped make
helped reduce
helped develop
helped shape
helped identify
hour
hour time
hour long
hour minute
hour training
hour meeting
hour orig
assisted
assisted language
assisted translation
assisted text
assisted living
assisted dialect
assisted learning
morristown
morristown technical
retain
retain smooth
retain shift
retain rough
retain transition
retain information
retain state
hotel
hotel reviews
hotel room
hotel review
hotel domain
hotel name
hotel chiang
janyce
janyce wiebe
janyce theresa
janyce rebecca
janyce university
janyce bruce
janyce kenneth
marneffe
marneffe bill
marneffe daniel
marneffe marie
marneffe timothy
marneffe manning
marneffe anna
acceptance
acceptance rate
acceptance probability
acceptance rates
acceptance threshold
acceptance ratio
acceptance phase
recovery
recovery strategies
recovery strategy
recovery process
recovery techniques
recovery policy
recovery info
ultimately
ultimately lead
ultimately interested
ultimately leads
ultimately result
ultimately want
ultimately adopted
analysed
analysed using
analysed text
analysed corpus
analysed corpora
analysed data
analysed texts
passes
passes control
passes back
passes figure
passes forward
passes information
passes train
associative
associative anaphora
associative networks
associative memory
associative model
associative relations
associative thesaurus
forests
forests using
forests rather
forests used
forests instead
forests figure
forests generated
headword
headword chains
headword chain
headword trigram
headword location
headword dependency
headword model
influenced
influenced much
influenced terms
influenced primarily
influenced transformational
influenced considerably
influenced corpus
carreras
carreras xavier
carreras michael
carreras kenneth
carreras lluis
carreras marquez
carreras john
conventions
conventions used
conventions adopted
conventions based
conventions developed
conventions followed
conventions make
iments
iments show
iments using
iments described
iments showed
iments indicate
iments presented
pradhan
pradhan lance
pradhan sameer
pradhan alessandro
pradhan ward
pradhan edward
pradhan eduard
reaches
reaches state
reaches better
reaches higher
reaches high
reaches zero
reaches accuracy
berg
berg alexander
berg martin
berg chris
berg karl
berg corpus
berg germany
harris
harris university
harris distributional
harris artificial
harris cooper
harris features
harris school
ratnaparkhi
ratnaparkhi jeff
ratnaparkhi roukos
ratnaparkhi data
ratnaparkhi salim
ratnaparkhi microsoft
ratnaparkhi bonnie
tackle
tackle problems
tackle different
tackle cross
tackle issues
tackle several
tackle complex
jects
jects objects
jects like
jects rather
jects tended
jects included
jects used
credit
credit card
credit attribution
credit factor
credit points
credit assignment
credit factors
mandarin
mandarin chinese
mandarin english
mandarin broadcast
mandarin speech
mandarin text
mandarin news
lemmatization
lemmatization using
lemmatization process
lemmatization rules
lemmatization accuracy
lemmatization part
lemmatization method
ninth
ninth international
ninth workshop
ninth conference
ninth interna
ninth meeting
ninth text
didnt
didnt know
didnt like
didnt understand
didnt want
didnt think
didnt come
reorder
reorder ings
reorder source
reorder orig
reorder rules
reorder model
reorder words
happy
happy happy
happy orig
happy emoticons
happy face
happy posts
happy medium
intent
intent features
intent topic
intent topics
intent class
intent classification
intent modeling
consequences
consequences follow
consequences first
consequences often
consequences since
consequences affecting
consequences also
johan
johan hall
johan stephen
johan jens
johan nilsson
johan sebastian
johan cooper
afnlp
afnlp pages
afnlp volume
afnlp figure
afnlp word
afnlp proceedings
afnlp approach
dictio
dictio nary
dictio orig
unlexicalized
unlexicalized parsing
unlexicalized pcfg
unlexicalized parser
unlexicalized model
unlexicalized statistical
unlexicalized models
adjusted
adjusted rand
adjusted according
adjusted frequency
adjusted accordingly
adjusted agreement
adjusted models
door
door orig
door opened
door open
door time
door closed
door bell
parame
parame ters
parame orig
parame applications
cheng
cheng ming
cheng james
cheng chen
cheng huang
cheng ning
cheng wang
opment
opment data
opment sets
opment environment
opment corpus
opment test
opment dataset
spell
spell checking
spell checker
spell correction
spell check
spell checked
spell corrected
runtime
runtime performance
runtime complexity
runtime system
runtime environment
runtime layer
runtime cost
clarity
clarity score
clarity focus
clarity errors
clarity readability
clarity criterion
clarity scores
fluent
fluent speech
fluent english
fluent speakers
fluent output
fluent text
fluent translations
gazetteer
gazetteer features
gazetteer lists
gazetteer based
gazetteer information
gazetteer list
gazetteer generation
solid
solid lines
solid line
solid arrows
solid foundation
solid black
solid theoretical
concludes
concludes consequently
concludes exploring
concludes forming
concludes however
concludes must
concludes page
graphics
graphics generation
graphics interface
graphics intended
graphics presentations
graphics system
graphics generator
donald
donald hindle
donald jens
donald walker
donald ross
donald report
donald daniel
enabling
enabling technology
enabling users
enabling technologies
enabling conditions
enabling semantic
enabling better
opportunity
opportunity chance
opportunity exists
opportunity arises
opportunity value
opportunity costs
opportunity rather
raised
raised categories
raised category
raised subject
raised orig
raised questions
raised several
spread
spread across
spread quickly
spread activation
spread evenly
spread among
spread right
alternation
alternation rules
alternation patterns
alternation behaviour
alternation behavior
alternation rule
alternation pattern
arrive
arrive around
arrive class
arrive earlier
arrive time
arrive arrive
arrive back
formulate
formulate queries
formulate questions
formulate rules
formulate constraints
formulate three
formulate semantic
centroid
centroid based
centroid vector
centroid vectors
centroid method
centroid classifier
centroid contexts
formulae
formulae based
formulae used
formulae would
formulae like
formulae generated
formulae given
guaranteed
guaranteed since
guaranteed however
guaranteed polynomial
guaranteed without
guaranteed convergence
guaranteed even
imply
imply different
imply opinions
imply better
imply higher
imply either
imply semantic
dedicated
dedicated training
dedicated editor
dedicated service
dedicated data
dedicated software
dedicated test
entered
entered manually
entered using
entered either
entered production
entered word
entered correctly
join
join operation
join together
join preserving
join board
join relations
join operator
ries
ries noah
ries pages
ries including
ries without
ries analysis
ries containing
mani
mani marc
mani mitre
mani fold
mani roser
mani beth
mani barry
reinforcement
reinforcement learning
reinforcement learn
reinforcement supervised
reinforcement approach
reinforcement algorithm
reinforcement principle
polar
polar words
polar atoms
polar expressions
polar questions
polar ities
polar question
salim
salim roukos
salim ward
salim subj
salim told
vague
vague descriptions
vague expressions
vague language
vague term
vague words
vague ness
conjunct
conjunct verbs
conjunct verb
conjunct identification
conjunct propagation
conjunct dependencies
conjunct candidate
maximizes
maximizes equation
maximizes expression
maximizes coherence
maximizes expected
maximizes likelihood
maximizes performance
partitioning
partitioning method
partitioning algorithm
partitioning algorithms
partitioning approach
partitioning methods
partitioning clustering
taining
taining multiple
taining around
taining high
taining word
taining words
taining correct
collective
collective classification
collective inference
collective annotation
collective entity
collective works
collective intelligence
mutually
mutually exclusive
mutually believed
mutually known
mutually independent
mutually believe
mutually dependent
prime
prime minister
prime contract
prime target
prime formula
prime example
prime formulae
sult
sult shows
sult indicates
sult obtained
sult suggests
sult since
sult also
told
told mary
told bill
told john
told explicitly
told reuters
told whether
classic
classic project
classic example
classic problem
classic features
classic examples
classic algorithms
henderson
henderson paola
henderson university
henderson george
henderson lemon
henderson john
henderson james
imposed
imposed upon
imposed constraints
imposed using
imposed either
imposed onto
imposed certain
predicative
predicative noun
predicative nouns
predicative adjectives
predicative complement
predicative tree
predicative adjective
accessed
accessed using
accessed april
accessed march
accessed online
accessed july
accessed directly
implements
implements several
implements many
implements three
implements collocation
implements different
implements measures
likewise
likewise although
likewise adding
likewise given
likewise using
likewise allow
likewise ambiguity
owen
owen rambow
owen volume
owen bangalore
owen mouton
owen vijay
owen zhang
cope
cope well
cope better
cope defines
cope effectively
cope function
cope specifically
players
players must
players might
players move
players actions
players lose
players need
keller
keller university
keller frank
keller school
keller maria
keller lapata
keller matthew
narrow
narrow scope
narrow domain
narrow domains
narrow sense
narrow context
narrow range
particu
particu larly
particu orig
particu larity
particu lars
hypothesized
hypothesized word
hypothesized words
hypothesized segmentation
hypothesized model
hypothesized translation
hypothesized boundary
mantics
mantics pages
mantics based
mantics science
mantics approach
mantics literature
mantics models
effec
effec tive
effec tively
effec orig
handbook
handbook theory
handbook pages
handbook chapter
handbook exploring
handbook volume
handbook advanced
suggestion
suggestion list
suggestion detection
suggestion made
suggestion task
suggestion mechanism
suggestion using
unsuper
unsuper vised
unsuper orig
unsuper constraints
unsuper unsuper
drawing
drawing attention
drawing turns
drawing conclusions
drawing inferences
drawing upon
drawing activity
pression
pression generation
pression rate
pression rates
pression beyond
pression based
pression rules
satellite
satellite nucleus
satellite relation
satellite workshop
satellite lost
satellite relations
satellite type
satisfying
satisfying certain
satisfying results
satisfying assignment
satisfying performance
satisfying truth
satisfying assignments
erated
erated using
erated sentences
erated text
erated automatically
erated texts
erated summaries
sont
sont plus
sont deux
sont dune
sont dues
sont dans
sont done
families
families indo
families never
families like
families namely
families based
families according
harabagiu
harabagiu john
harabagiu andrew
harabagiu university
harabagiu unsupervised
harabagiu human
harabagiu language
chal
chal lenge
chal orig
chal portugal
cient
cient algorithm
cient algorithms
cient implementation
cient training
cient information
cient data
fraser
fraser university
fraser helmut
fraser alexander
fraser chris
fraser scott
fraser bruce
maximizing
maximizing likelihood
maximizing semantic
maximizing accuracy
maximizing classification
maximizing conditional
maximizing human
save
save space
save time
save money
save button
save memory
save annotation
systemic
systemic grammar
systemic functional
systemic linguistics
systemic grammars
systemic classification
systemic text
chodorow
chodorow michael
chodorow martin
chodorow joel
chodorow hunter
chodorow judith
chodorow leacock
entail
entail ment
entail ments
entail another
entail different
entail bill
entail high
uima
uima based
uima components
uima framework
uima type
uima component
uima pipeline
constants
constants used
constants denoting
constants corresponding
constants like
constants variables
constants involved
idiom
idiom identification
idiom recognition
idiom detection
idiom dictionary
idiom corpus
idiom knowledge
israel
israel science
israel institute
israel bolt
israel june
israel david
israel israel
listener
listener must
listener confusion
listener gaze
listener believes
listener comprehension
listener model
pollard
pollard carl
pollard carnegie
pollard editors
pollard linguistics
pollard ivan
pollard natural
predictors
predictors based
predictors types
predictors using
predictors perform
predictors also
predictors independently
procedural
procedural texts
procedural semantics
procedural text
procedural knowledge
procedural questions
procedural attachment
vijay
vijay shanker
vijay john
vijay orig
vijay sarkar
vijay testing
vijay kumar
cooperative
cooperative responses
cooperative work
cooperative response
cooperative dialogue
cooperative principle
cooperative agreement
danish
danish dutch
danish dependency
danish english
danish german
danish swedish
danish norwegian
interpreter
interpreter could
interpreter must
interpreter based
interpreter described
interpreter uses
interpreter works
landmark
landmark based
landmark object
landmark center
landmark objects
landmark verb
landmark analysis
client
client server
client side
client application
client dialogues
client interface
client module
award
award number
award winner
award committee
award partial
award presentations
award acceptance
strengths
strengths among
strengths derived
strengths estimated
strengths might
strengths shown
strengths similar
handles
handles cases
handles anaphoric
handles data
handles morphological
handles several
handles unknown
scription
scription length
scription logic
scription framework
scription using
scription system
scription factor
nual
nual meeting
nual conference
nual international
nual symposium
nual workshop
nual conf
hypothesize
hypothesize rhetorical
hypothesize edge
hypothesize lexical
hypothesize word
hypothesize aligns
hypothesize analysis
monotonic
monotonic reasoning
monotonic alignment
monotonic alignments
monotonic semantic
monotonic translation
monotonic inheritance
stuart
stuart shieber
stuart russell
stuart resnik
stuart cunningham
stuart rose
stuart davis
inversion
inversion transduction
inversion trans
inversion algorithm
inversion counts
inversion model
inversion procedure
sighan
sighan workshop
sighan bakeoff
sighan joint
sighan work
sighan chinese
sighan word
energy
energy function
energy based
energy level
energy minimization
energy functions
energy agency
hiero
hiero system
hiero chiang
hiero style
hiero rules
hiero grammar
hiero baseline
nicola
nicola bertoldi
nicola cowan
nicola antonio
nicola eric
nicola frank
nicola franz
schemas
schemas used
schemas chambers
schemas based
schemas mckeown
schemas defined
schemas include
signif
signif icant
signif orig
signif controlled
signif cant
signif global
signif gold
anchors
anchors detected
anchors events
anchors generated
anchors using
anchors assignment
anchors instead
goldwater
goldwater thomas
goldwater university
goldwater sharon
goldwater griffiths
goldwater luke
goldwater brown
adjacency
adjacency matrix
adjacency pairs
adjacency pair
adjacency model
adjacency heuristic
adjacency matrices
conj
conj orig
conj conj
conj conjunction
conj noun
conj part
conj conjunct
cons
cons vocal
cons orig
cons reviews
cons cons
cons first
cons model
fred
fred jelinek
fred smith
fred loves
fred thompson
fred gave
fred john
koller
koller kristina
koller university
koller saarland
koller alexander
koller johanna
koller terry
quantification
quantification resolution
quantification algorithm
quantification information
quantification negation
quantification domain
quantification island
rapidly
rapidly growing
rapidly increasing
rapidly changing
rapidly develop
rapidly expanding
rapidly build
augment
augment concept
augment existing
augment wordnet
augment lexical
augment semantic
augment text
styles
styles language
styles vary
styles differ
styles within
styles among
styles based
maltparser
maltparser nivre
maltparser optimization
maltparser model
maltparser system
maltparser version
maltparser trained
abney
abney steven
abney university
abney understanding
abney robert
abney stochastic
abney michael
coupled
coupled model
coupled semi
coupled gaze
coupled context
coupled constraints
coupled instances
pres
pres ence
pres orig
pres sure
pres past
pres sing
pres mood
carlo
carlo strapparava
carlo methods
carlo sampling
carlo simulation
carlo method
carlo algorithm
preserving
preserving constraint
preserving projection
preserving translation
preserving corrections
preserving discourse
preserving generation
regina
regina barzilay
regina elena
regina coherence
regina kathleen
regina regina
regina bars
sons
sons correlation
sons locations
sons behind
sons name
sons first
sons organizations
supplied
supplied training
supplied annotations
supplied annotation
supplied answers
supplied data
supplied evaluation
converting
converting dependency
converting natural
converting text
converting written
converting depen
converting english
executed
executed using
executed automatically
executed first
executed iteratively
executed sequentially
executed action
personality
personality traits
personality scores
personality type
personality based
personality recognition
personality dimensions
width
width prediction
width figure
width beam
width factor
width window
width characters
opening
opening remarks
opening session
opening closing
opening bracket
opening brackets
opening paragraph
vertical
vertical axis
vertical lines
vertical line
vertical bars
vertical dimension
vertical order
combi
combi nation
combi nations
combi orig
combi ning
combi duced
combi national
neighboring
neighboring words
neighboring sentences
neighboring word
neighboring nodes
neighboring tokens
neighboring phrases
finer
finer grained
finer granularity
finer distinctions
finer level
finer grain
finer levels
girl
girl friend
girl called
girl working
girl likes
girl wife
girl bruce
parentheses
parentheses indicate
parentheses denote
parentheses next
parentheses represent
parentheses correspond
parentheses show
compar
compar ative
compar orig
compar able
compar complement
compar conj
compar need
includ
includ orig
includ arithmetic
deduction
deduction system
deduction rules
deduction steps
deduction rule
deduction process
deduction systems
dekang
labs
labs research
labs workshop
labs text
labs system
labs approach
labs workshops
careful
careful analysis
careful selection
careful study
careful design
careful examination
careful review
henceforth
henceforth referred
henceforth called
henceforth refer
henceforth call
henceforth denoted
henceforth baseline
proficiency
proficiency levels
proficiency level
proficiency scores
proficiency test
proficiency assessment
proficiency classification
roger
roger levy
roger evans
roger schank
roger brown
roger moore
roger carl
genes
genes proteins
genes mentioned
genes gene
genes including
genes involved
genes sharing
rejected
rejected tags
rejected essays
rejected since
rejected based
rejected terms
rejected word
roman
roman alphabet
roman script
roman letters
roman words
roman characters
roman urdu
traditionally
traditionally used
traditionally considered
traditionally assumed
traditionally defined
traditionally focused
traditionally employed
anaphors
anaphors whose
anaphors like
anaphors occur
anaphors referring
anaphors using
anaphors cannot
grefenstette
grefenstette gregory
grefenstette editor
grefenstette david
grefenstette phil
grefenstette ralph
grefenstette google
disorder
disorder mentions
disorder mention
disorder identification
disorder recognition
disorder entities
disorder entity
inquiry
inquiry semantics
inquiry based
inquiry points
inquiry word
inquiry responses
inquiry volume
croft
croft william
croft david
croft todd
croft editor
croft james
croft lisa
linearly
linearly ordered
linearly combined
linearly interpolated
linearly combine
linearly combining
linearly related
retrieving
retrieving collocations
retrieving relevant
retrieving documents
retrieving information
retrieving answers
retrieving similar
attack
attack event
attack person
attack relations
attack events
attack target
attack actual
buffer
buffer transitions
buffer node
buffer cell
buffer containing
buffer contains
buffer transition
evans
evans roger
evans university
evans gazdar
evans gerald
evans natural
evans chris
insufficient
insufficient information
insufficient training
insufficient data
insufficient coverage
insufficient evidence
insufficient context
mohammad
mohammad bonnie
mohammad national
mohammad alan
mohammad university
mohammad dorr
mohammad peter
oren
oren etzioni
oren schwartz
oren anthony
oren chris
oren dagan
oren jonathan
principal
principal component
principal components
principal principle
principal compo
principal entity
principal goal
spring
spring symposium
spring conference
spring summer
spring break
spring joint
spring water
treats
treats word
treats every
treats words
treats content
treats discourse
treats time
disambigua
disambigua tion
disambigua orig
disambigua tions
disambigua tors
madrid
madrid spain
madrid july
madrid pages
madrid madrid
madrid april
madrid barcelona
locative
locative prepositions
locative expressions
locative case
locative expression
locative phrases
locative relation
mots
mots dans
mots sont
mots vides
mots dont
mots pour
mots avec
convolution
convolution kernels
convolution tree
convolution kernel
convolution layer
convolution layers
convolution operation
haghighi
haghighi john
haghighi klein
haghighi andrew
haghighi sebastian
haghighi kristina
haghighi regina
nilsson
nilsson sebastian
nilsson joakim
nilsson johan
nilsson jens
nilsson uppsala
nilsson editor
tractable
tractable dictionary
tractable inference
tractable size
tractable machine
tractable manner
tractable markov
coder
coder agreement
coder reliability
coder agree
coder choice
coder koehn
coder output
coordinated
coordinated structures
coordinated sentences
coordinated phrases
coordinated clauses
coordinated noun
coordinated elements
rization
rization frames
rization based
rization task
rization system
rization systems
rization evaluation
searched
searched using
searched google
searched based
searched first
searched numerical
searched pubmed
tokenized
tokenized using
tokenized text
tokenized words
tokenized word
tokenized sentences
tokenized sentence
keyphrases
keyphrases extracted
keyphrases using
keyphrases tend
keyphrases appear
keyphrases based
keyphrases according
brings
brings together
brings many
brings forward
brings significant
brings additional
brings forth
orthography
orthography morphology
orthography using
orthography based
orthography related
orthography like
orthography phonology
license
license details
license http
license plate
license agreement
license agreements
license broad
sifier
sifier trained
sifier using
sifier combination
sifier performance
sifier based
sifier described
unannotated
unannotated data
unannotated corpus
unannotated text
unannotated corpora
unannotated texts
unannotated sentences
asks
asks whether
asks questions
asks users
asks students
asks question
asks annotators
concentrate
concentrate first
concentrate mainly
concentrate instead
concentrate solely
concentrate among
concentrate efforts
nenkova
nenkova university
nenkova automatic
nenkova rebecca
nenkova alan
nenkova carl
nenkova columbia
collaboration
collaboration network
collaboration networks
collaboration among
collaboration approach
collaboration patterns
collaboration cooperation
acknowledge
acknowledge support
acknowledge funding
acknowledge partial
acknowledge ment
acknowledge helpful
acknowledge financial
brought
brought together
brought forward
brought forth
brought back
brought closer
brought significant
deriva
deriva tion
deriva tions
deriva tional
deriva orig
deriva tive
deriva tives
learnt
learnt using
learnt policy
learnt automatically
learnt patterns
learnt rules
learnt model
sized
sized corpus
sized corpora
sized training
sized units
sized chunks
sized data
watson
watson research
watson system
watson speech
watson bruce
watson incremental
watson laboratory
ungrammatical
ungrammatical sentences
ungrammatical input
ungrammatical sentence
ungrammatical utterances
ungrammatical strings
ungrammatical structures
appropriately
appropriately annotated
appropriately chosen
appropriately described
appropriately instantiated
appropriately designed
appropriately defined
atlanta
atlanta georgia
atlanta figure
atlanta based
atlanta filled
atlanta april
atlanta area
leftmost
leftmost child
leftmost derivation
leftmost column
leftmost word
leftmost rightmost
leftmost node
thousand
thousand words
thousand sentences
thousand sentence
thousand word
thousand documents
thousand times
dynamically
dynamically generated
dynamically changing
dynamically updated
dynamically based
dynamically created
dynamically constructed
inductive
inductive logic
inductive learning
inductive bias
inductive hypothesis
inductive inference
inductive dependency
movements
movements across
movements reveal
movements along
movements caused
movements evidence
movements using
separation
separation file
separation distance
separation costs
separation allows
separation among
separation margin
dominated
dominated sorting
dominated nodes
dominated solutions
dominated events
dominated node
dominated options
mira
mira crammer
mira cherry
mira algorithm
mira chiang
mira mcdonald
mira training
santorini
santorini mary
santorini beatrice
santorini marcinkiewicz
santorini tagging
santorini department
santorini greece
clef
clef campaign
clef corpus
clef cross
clef alpino
clef online
clef project
omit
omit details
omit ting
omit discussion
omit form
omit many
omit words
puts
puts forward
puts together
puts constraints
puts equal
puts probability
puts produced
summarizing
summarizing customer
summarizing scientific
summarizing text
summarizing news
summarizing information
summarizing natural
intransitive
intransitive verb
intransitive verbs
intransitive transitive
intransitive sentences
intransitive form
intransitive subject
situated
situated dialogue
situated dialog
situated language
situated interaction
situated within
situated dialogs
bels
bels assigned
bels given
bels across
bels changed
bels could
bels used
birch
birch chris
birch miles
birch phil
birch beer
birch alexandra
birch university
landauer
landauer peter
landauer thomas
landauer dumais
landauer george
landauer landauer
landauer richard
verified
verified using
verified whether
verified experimentally
verified bilingual
verified empirically
verified manually
bangalore
bangalore srinivas
bangalore india
bangalore owen
bangalore german
bangalore giuseppe
bangalore joshi
discard
discard words
discard irrelevant
discard rules
discard pairs
discard sentences
discard potentially
lexemes
lexemes belonging
lexemes like
lexemes word
lexemes rather
lexemes words
lexemes available
lisbon
lisbon portugal
lisbon september
lisbon faculty
lisbon university
lisbon department
lisbon orig
valence
valence information
valence shifting
valence prediction
valence induction
valence dictionary
valence features
believes
believes bill
believes contains
believes proposition
believes attribute
believes chris
believes every
centered
centered around
centered model
centered approach
centered design
centered segmentation
centered information
overfitting
overfitting problem
overfitting effects
overfitting occurs
overfitting effect
overfitting reduction
overfitting since
repairs
repairs intonational
repairs corrections
repairs occur
repairs correctly
repairs john
repairs repairs
convenient
convenient access
convenient tool
convenient notation
convenient means
convenient method
convenient representation
ding
ding bing
ding features
ding zhou
ding models
ding space
ding chris
dealt
dealt mainly
dealt using
dealt primarily
dealt within
dealt deal
dealt exactly
hoang
hoang alexandra
hoang philipp
hoang julia
hoang hieu
hoang university
hoang maria
compatibility
compatibility function
compatibility information
compatibility feature
compatibility functions
compatibility features
compatibility score
fect
fect states
fect knowledge
fect match
fect agreement
fect performance
fect tags
schemata
schemata used
schemata based
schemata framework
schemata describe
schemata include
schemata allow
additive
additive model
additive models
additive smoothing
additive generative
additive neural
additive tree
categorized
categorized according
categorized named
categorized based
categorized using
categorized along
categorized documents
cognate
cognate pairs
cognate sets
cognate identification
cognate words
cognate groups
cognate word
conveyed
conveyed information
conveyed implicitly
conveyed even
conveyed earlier
conveyed explicitly
conveyed table
extrinsic
extrinsic evaluation
extrinsic evaluations
extrinsic task
extrinsic measures
extrinsic evalua
extrinsic eval
ring
ring expressions
ring expression
ring based
ring john
ring topology
ring words
became
became clear
became apparent
became available
became interested
became known
became evident
inspection
inspection reveals
inspection shows
inspection showed
inspection revealed
inspection penalty
inspection suggests
rescoring
rescoring faster
rescoring model
rescoring step
rescoring results
rescoring models
rescoring approach
signatures
signatures acquired
signatures algorithm
signatures based
signatures generated
signatures obtained
signatures sets
chapters
chapters present
chapters provide
chapters sections
chapters deal
chapters discuss
chapters chapters
dative
dative case
dative alternation
dative object
dative shift
dative objects
dative noun
physics
physics institute
physics problems
physics charles
physics problem
physics essay
physics tutoring
exclusively
exclusively used
exclusively disjunctive
exclusively focused
exclusively based
exclusively concerned
exclusively using
packed
packed forest
packed parse
packed forests
packed representation
packed chart
packed representations
peer
peer review
peer reviews
peer reviewed
peer learning
peer agent
peer summary
turkers
turkers agreed
turkers could
turkers provided
turkers translations
turkers participated
turkers agree
theoretically
theoretically possible
theoretically motivated
theoretically well
theoretically sound
theoretically interesting
theoretically grounded
upenn
upenn treebank
upenn chinese
upenn wall
upenn santorini
upenn tagsets
upenn tree
usability
usability evaluation
usability problems
usability testing
usability issues
usability engineering
usability study
ables
ables corresponding
ables representing
ables used
ables bound
ables indicating
ables users
contemporary
contemporary english
contemporary chinese
contemporary american
contemporary written
contemporary research
contemporary linguistics
death
death penalty
death place
death sentence
death date
death event
death year
decomposed
decomposed words
decomposed questions
decomposed using
decomposed string
decomposed factored
decomposed form
griffiths
griffiths mark
griffiths thomas
griffiths michael
griffiths sharon
griffiths steyvers
griffiths jones
inferring
inferring strategies
inferring temporal
inferring discourse
inferring missing
inferring user
inferring domain
proving
proving machine
proving statistical
proving translation
proving system
proving distributional
proving techniques
sch¨utze
sch¨utze hinrich
sch¨utze institute
sch¨utze center
sch¨utze michael
sch¨utze university
sch¨utze style
tape
tape finite
tape automata
tape automaton
tape symbol
tape contains
tape contents
traum
traum university
traum david
traum institute
traum editor
traum stefan
traum william
convention
convention center
convention ally
convention used
convention adopted
convention allows
convention paris
forth
forth coming
forth column
forth call
forth international
forth step
forth among
jian
jian cheng
jian zhang
jian huang
jian ming
jian jiang
jian yang
ambiguation
ambiguation using
ambiguation based
ambiguation task
ambiguation model
ambiguation systems
ambiguation methods
bracket
bracket scoring
bracket types
bracket precision
bracket ings
bracket notation
bracket information
nakov
nakov sara
nakov qatar
nakov alan
nakov national
nakov preslav
nakov francisco
picked
picked randomly
picked examples
picked seeds
picked words
picked based
picked among
sigkdd
sigkdd international
sigkdd explorations
sigkdd conference
sigkdd pages
sigkdd interna
sigkdd workshop
fung
fung hong
fung mckeown
fung church
fung human
fung jeffrey
fung poon
rater
rater agreement
rater reliability
rater scores
rater features
rater system
rater automated
crowd
crowd workers
crowd grades
crowd bleu
crowd templates
crowd based
crowd source
incor
incor rect
incor rectly
incor orig
incor correct
incor formation
teachers
teachers college
teachers would
teachers need
teachers linguistic
teachers often
teachers utterance
weir
weir david
weir university
weir parsing
weir dependency
weir school
weir class
icon
icon entries
icon based
icon extraction
icon induction
icon using
icon construction
quent
quent words
quent sense
quent word
quent verbs
quent class
quent nouns
miyao
miyao yusuke
miyao university
miyao tomoko
miyao national
miyao daniel
miyao kenji
fits
fits well
fits best
fits better
fits within
fits loosely
fits naturally
joshua
joshua goodman
joshua decoder
joshua gordon
joshua toolkit
joshua pipeline
joshua system
lambda
lambda calculus
lambda expressions
lambda abstraction
lambda expression
lambda terms
lambda term
normalize
normalize words
normalize documents
normalize temporal
normalize using
normalize across
normalize punctuation
alternatively
alternatively systems
alternatively using
alternatively given
alternatively lexicalized
alternatively called
alternatively instead
authoring
authoring tool
authoring tools
authoring system
authoring process
authoring environment
authoring aids
conferences
conferences listed
conferences like
conferences trec
conferences including
conferences order
conferences sections
reflecting
reflecting different
reflecting contextual
reflecting human
reflecting upon
reflecting common
reflecting discourse
partitions
partitions based
partitions using
partitions generated
partitions data
partitions given
partitions implications
rbmt
rbmt system
rbmt systems
rbmt engine
rbmt output
rbmt baseline
rbmt ebmt
tenth
tenth conference
tenth international
tenth workshop
tenth machine
tenth text
tenth annual
inte
inte orig
inte rest
inte dont
inte error
inte goes
inte grand
subgraph
subgraph matching
subgraph features
subgraph mining
subgraph construction
subgraph based
subgraph pattern
tailored
tailored towards
tailored descriptions
tailored letters
tailored comparative
tailored responses
tailored concise
turing
turing test
turing machine
turing smoothing
turing machines
turing center
turing estimate
axiom
axiom schema
axiom links
axiom schemata
axiom scheme
axiom link
axiom patterns
proteins
proteins genes
proteins interact
proteins known
proteins tagged
proteins across
proteins activated
frag
frag ments
frag ment
frag orig
frag mented
frag relations
frag mentation
private
private state
private states
private limited
private beliefs
private communication
private language
sabine
sabine schulte
sabine buchholz
sabine brants
sabine stephan
sabine orig
sabine sabine
satta
satta university
satta editors
satta lexicalization
satta algorithm
satta department
satta dept
puted
puted using
puted based
puted according
puted efficiently
puted directly
puted automatically
correlates
correlates well
correlates better
correlates strongly
correlates highly
correlates best
correlates positively
mike
mike rosner
mike lewis
mike maxwell
mike collins
mike white
mike anderson
noticed
noticed several
noticed however
noticed among
noticed cohen
noticed earlier
noticed many
vancouver
vancouver canada
vancouver british
vancouver october
vancouver vancouver
vancouver august
vancouver pages
capitalization
capitalization information
capitalization model
capitalization feature
capitalization features
capitalization punctuation
capitalization pattern
nice
nice property
nice france
nice properties
nice feature
nice house
nice woman
spectively
spectively since
spectively among
spectively achieves
spectively based
spectively lower
spectively measured
approx
approx orig
approx stopwords
approx correlation
approx amount
approx boost
approx contains
grows
grows exponentially
grows linearly
grows rapidly
grows quickly
grows larger
grows beyond
persian
persian language
persian dependency
persian transliteration
persian english
persian arabic
persian text
recording
recording session
recording conditions
recording time
recording devices
recording process
recording quality
wiktionary
wiktionary data
wiktionary based
wiktionary wikipedia
wiktionary sense
wiktionary entries
wiktionary senses
berger
berger stephen
berger della
berger adam
berger vincent
berger peter
berger john
metonymy
metonymy resolution
metonymy recognition
metonymy interpretation
metonymy metaphor
metonymy processing
metonymy using
pron
pron orig
pron type
pron verb
pron noun
pron prep
pron pron
unstructured
unstructured text
unstructured information
unstructured data
unstructured texts
unstructured abstracts
unstructured documents
cates
cates whether
cates arguments
cates grammatical
cates higher
cates like
cates results
culture
culture specific
culture sports
culture using
culture university
culture training
culture dependent
fitting
fitting procedure
fitting problem
fitting algorithm
fitting sense
fitting model
fitting linear
initialize
initialize model
initialize parameters
initialize training
initialize word
initialize list
initialize orig
realizations
realizations produced
realizations using
realizations found
realizations available
realizations depending
realizations head
daum´e
daum´e marcu
daum´e john
daum´e solution
daum´e allows
daum´e proposed
monotone
monotone search
monotone translation
monotone swap
monotone decoding
monotone alignments
monotone increasing
negatives
negatives true
negatives missed
negatives respectively
negatives examples
negatives false
negatives missing
queue
queue size
queue states
queue grammars
queue front
queue line
queue containing
sake
sake benefit
sake interest
sake really
sake since
sake agent
sake news
strate
strate gies
strate orig
strate significant
strate substantial
strate good
strate consistent
moldovan
moldovan automatic
moldovan university
moldovan christine
moldovan language
moldovan southern
moldovan department
yesterday
yesterday john
yesterday orig
yesterday tomorrow
yesterday figure
yesterday morning
yesterday noun
libraries
libraries pages
libraries must
libraries using
libraries serial
libraries provide
libraries available
obligatory
obligatory arguments
obligatory rules
obligatory case
obligatory adjunction
obligatory argument
obligatory complements
raters
raters agree
raters agreed
raters using
raters scores
raters task
raters also
sagae
sagae lavie
sagae kenji
sagae university
sagae yusuke
sagae alon
sagae david
salton
salton gerard
salton editor
salton james
salton andrew
salton computer
salton gerald
floor
floor debate
floor debates
floor control
floor holding
floor holder
floor structure
chan
chan hwee
chan chris
chan department
chan chung
chan national
chan orig
crammer
crammer alex
crammer mark
crammer department
crammer singer
crammer crammer
crammer fernando
prune
prune away
prune final
prune phrase
prune orig
prune edges
prune unlikely
dobj
dobj subj
dobj direct
dobj orig
dobj prep
dobj nsubj
dobj dobj
phological
phological analysis
phological analyzer
phological features
phological information
phological disambiguation
phological analyzers
alogue
alogue systems
alogue system
alogue acts
alogue management
alogue manager
alogue state
enti
enti ties
enti orig
enti concepts
diana
diana mccarthy
diana bill
diana applications
diana marie
diana university
diana made
millions
millions words
millions figure
millions sentences
millions tokens
millions features
millions number
varieties
varieties pages
varieties including
varieties spoken
varieties using
varieties within
varieties could
visible
visible objects
visible layer
visible unit
visible units
visible variables
visible action
audience
audience design
audience size
audience rating
audience field
audience could
audience identification
avoids
avoids many
avoids problems
avoids redundancy
avoids overfitting
avoids using
avoids unnecessary
notably
notably better
notably higher
notably lower
notably different
notably worse
notably bleu
proceeding
proceeding series
proceeding words
proceeding word
proceeding along
proceeding incrementally
proceeding recursively
teufel
teufel university
teufel simone
teufel michael
teufel james
teufel stefan
teufel cambridge
vides
vides information
vides additional
vides access
vides evidence
vides better
vides details
precedes
precedes satellite
precedes another
precedes follows
precedes relation
precedes object
precedes accusative
reply
reply structure
reply links
reply activities
reply speed
reply message
reply level
wizard
wizard could
wizard interface
wizard data
wizard strategy
wizard used
wizard actions
automati
automati cally
automati orig
blunsom
blunsom trevor
blunsom university
blunsom phil
blunsom philipp
blunsom department
blunsom adam
communicate
communicate information
communicate using
communicate effectively
communicate directly
communicate successfully
communicate among
mismatch
mismatch problem
mismatch features
mismatch gold
mismatch occurs
mismatch problems
mismatch types
cherry
cherry david
cherry national
cherry microsoft
cherry colin
cherry pick
cherry robert
disagree
disagree ment
disagree ments
disagree orig
disagree agree
disagree whether
disagree disagree
rele
rele vant
rele orig
carl
carl pollard
carl vogel
carl edward
carl michael
carl weir
carl copenhagen
chung
chung chang
chung matt
chung university
chung young
chung chen
chung kenneth
karen
karen sparck
karen katz
karen jensen
karen ward
karen tang
karen ryan
melamed
melamed franz
melamed ryan
melamed automatic
melamed bitext
melamed dept
melamed models
finkel
finkel steven
finkel alex
finkel jenny
finkel stanford
finkel christopher
finkel stein
satisfactory
satisfactory results
satisfactory performance
satisfactory solution
satisfactory level
satisfactory account
satisfactory manner
switchboard
switchboard corpus
switchboard telephone
switchboard data
switchboard dialogues
switchboard training
switchboard treebank
tern
tern matching
tern recognition
tern analysis
tern learning
tern based
tern features
assistance
assistance system
assistance systems
assistance tools
assistance project
assistance provided
assistance automation
gazdar
gazdar gerald
gazdar university
gazdar lexical
gazdar klein
gazdar pullum
gazdar cognitive
mturk
mturk workers
mturk annotations
mturk data
mturk worker
mturk welcome
mturk produced
neighborhood
neighborhood size
neighborhood distinct
neighborhood measures
neighborhood function
neighborhood learner
neighborhood density
wolfgang
wolfgang maier
wolfgang klein
wolfgang thomas
wolfgang editor
wolfgang ulrich
wolfgang paul
sidered
sidered correct
sidered appropriate
sidered different
sidered important
sidered incorrect
sidered satisfactory
avoiding
avoiding conversational
avoiding repetition
avoiding redundancy
avoiding unnecessary
avoiding overfitting
avoiding local
modalities
modalities speech
modalities including
modalities aspect
modalities jointly
modalities like
modalities would
subcat
subcat frame
subcat frames
subcat list
subcat feature
subcat features
subcat head
validate
validate whether
validate automatic
validate results
validate candidate
validate hypotheses
validate pres
quired
quired automatically
quired knowledge
quired wide
quired data
quired information
quired lexicon
dotted
dotted lines
dotted line
dotted rules
dotted rule
dotted arrows
dotted edges
georgia
georgia june
georgia institute
georgia tech
georgia athens
georgia inst
georgia state
noord
noord university
noord editors
noord robert
noord efficient
noord fernando
noord lucy
reality
reality pages
reality however
reality monitoring
reality denver
reality check
reality system
appearance
appearance model
appearance patterns
appearance probability
appearance data
appearance pattern
appearance based
gence
gence pages
gence research
gence volume
gence ijcai
gence aaai
gence laboratory
struct
struct type
struct topic
struct model
struct orig
struct struct
struct region
puter
puter science
puter speech
puter vision
puter society
puter program
puter systems
quantified
quantified noun
quantified variables
quantified variable
quantified expression
quantified english
quantified expressions
recommendations
recommendations expressed
recommendations directions
recommendations based
recommendations item
recommendations made
recommendations regarding
timent
timent analysis
timent classification
timent lexicon
timent polarity
timent detection
timent lexicons
acoustics
acoustics speech
acoustics based
acoustics chinese
acoustics syntax
acoustics research
acoustics acoustics
controls
controls whether
controls agreement
controls operations
controls access
controls grammar
controls systems
kilgarriff
kilgarriff adam
kilgarriff lexical
kilgarriff pavel
kilgarriff university
kilgarriff brighton
kilgarriff david
paid
paid attention
paid directly
paid annotators
paid much
paid workers
paid special
parallelism
parallelism constraints
parallelism across
parallelism constraint
parallelism effect
parallelism reward
parallelism dependent
restrictive
restrictive relative
restrictive modifier
restrictive modification
restrictive modifiers
restrictive grammar
restrictive algorithm
ronald
ronald rosenfeld
ronald kaplan
ronald williams
ronald joseph
ronald press
ronald field
dense
dense features
dense feature
dense vectors
dense vector
dense representations
dense graph
���
��� ���
��� ��
��� orig
��� ����
��� place
��� nucleus
diagnosis
diagnosis codes
diagnosis test
diagnosis code
diagnosis task
diagnosis phase
diagnosis process
pers
pers pages
pers volume
pers inst
pers pron
pers text
pers person
precedence
precedence relation
precedence relations
precedence constraints
precedence rules
precedence constraint
precedence relationships
realisation
realisation ranking
realisation shared
realisation engine
realisation algorithm
realisation task
realisation using
thorsten
thorsten brants
thorsten joachims
thorsten peter
thorsten brew
thorsten thomas
thorsten franz
categorical
categorical data
categorical compositional
categorical variables
categorical model
categorical features
categorical grammar
stead
stead consider
stead relies
stead uses
stead using
stead focus
stead maps
streams
streams algorithms
streams based
streams speech
streams using
streams include
streams liang
alon
alon lavie
alon alex
alon peter
alon kenji
alon levy
alon name
dialectal
dialectal arabic
dialectal words
dialectal content
dialectal data
dialectal variants
dialectal word
keys
keys elena
keys using
keys based
keys user
keys must
keys assigned
likes
likes mary
likes john
likes tree
likes susan
likes coffee
likes fish
zhai
zhai university
zhai bing
zhai editors
zhai jordan
zhai department
zhai xiao
deletions
deletions insertions
deletions substitutions
deletions needed
deletions required
deletions occur
deletions insertion
extensible
extensible language
extensible markup
extensible framework
extensible architecture
extensible dependency
extensible multi
hundred
hundred thousand
hundred words
hundred sentences
hundred million
hundred years
hundred times
nonetheless
nonetheless since
nonetheless able
nonetheless even
nonetheless many
nonetheless still
nonetheless considered
sang
sang university
sang erik
sang nguyen
sang editors
sang hedge
sang last
glass
glass window
glass james
glass joseph
glass guide
glass timothy
glass computer
quantify
quantify domain
quantify similarity
quantify uncertainty
quantify exactly
quantify performance
quantify selectional
collapsed
collapsed gibbs
collapsed dependencies
collapsed dependency
collapsed variational
collapsed version
collapsed sampler
conversely
conversely suppose
conversely given
conversely assume
conversely computational
conversely linguistic
conversely every
effi
effi cient
effi orig
effi ananiadou
indepen
indepen dent
indepen dence
indepen orig
indepen dency
evaluates
evaluates whether
evaluates different
evaluates several
evaluates summaries
evaluates among
evaluates candidate
rough
rough shift
rough copy
rough estimate
rough idea
rough approximation
rough translation
tilburg
tilburg university
tilburg memory
tilburg netherlands
tilburg january
tilburg centre
tilburg center
evident
evident since
evident cases
evident connection
evident errors
evident given
evident limitations
ijcai
ijcai pages
ijcai workshop
ijcai august
ijcai volume
ijcai vancouver
ijcai conferences
oliver
oliver lemon
oliver bender
oliver michael
oliver eric
oliver simon
oliver anthony
sentiments
sentiments expressed
sentiments toward
sentiments towards
sentiments emotions
sentiments using
sentiments across
sharon
sharon goldwater
sharon gold
sharon small
sharon mcdonald
sharon orig
sharon rose
progressive
progressive aspect
progressive verb
progressive tense
progressive form
progressive event
progressive difference
timeml
timeml annotation
timeml robust
timeml pustejovsky
timeml annotations
timeml event
timeml relation
christine
christine moran
christine fellbaum
christine clark
christine chair
christine klein
christine corpus
behaviors
behaviors using
behaviors including
behaviors affecting
behaviors associated
behaviors found
behaviors like
breaks
breaks help
breaks occur
breaks ties
breaks using
breaks within
breaks could
coders
coders manual
coders agree
coders agreed
coders making
coders agreement
coders could
didate
didate answers
didate sentences
didate translation
didate translations
didate words
didate list
economic
economic news
economic development
economic growth
economic policy
economic situation
economic advantages
lexicalization
lexicalization patterns
lexicalization fails
lexicalization process
lexicalization module
lexicalization procedure
lexicalization allows
preceded
preceded speech
preceded also
preceded either
preceded parameter
preceded directly
preceded eight
preserve
preserve meaning
preserve information
preserve semantic
preserve word
preserve linguistic
preserve ambiguity
genetic
genetic algorithm
genetic algorithms
genetic programming
genetic search
genetic algo
genetic program
interac
interac tion
interac tions
interac tive
interac tively
interac orig
interac tional
johansson
johansson adam
johansson richard
johansson university
johansson geoffrey
johansson giuseppe
johansson department
passing
passing messages
passing algorithm
passing algorithms
passing conventions
passing interface
passing grade
corefer
corefer ence
corefer ring
corefer ences
corefer orig
corefer positive
corefer according
cycles
cycles using
cycles however
cycles repeat
cycles without
cycles allow
cycles also
okay
okay right
okay yeah
okay user
okay distinction
okay lets
okay tokens
quantities
quantities list
quantities like
quantities defined
quantities expressed
quantities computed
quantities found
principled
principled approach
principled manner
principled method
principled framework
principled fashion
principled basis
sampler
sampler converges
sampler corpus
sampler described
sampler griffiths
sampler chooses
sampler requires
totally
totally different
totally ordered
totally unrelated
totally unsupervised
totally well
totally correct
uniquely
uniquely identify
uniquely identified
uniquely determined
uniquely identifies
uniquely determine
uniquely defined
assessed
assessed using
assessed intrinsic
assessed whether
assessed aspects
assessed according
assessed based
century
century swedish
century british
century texts
century english
century fiction
century novels
bigger
bigger corpus
bigger impact
bigger training
bigger data
bigger problem
bigger language
enabled
enabled procedure
enabled applications
enabled mobile
enabled version
enabled dialogue
enabled features
kanji
kanji conversion
kanji characters
kanji character
kanji chinese
kanji conver
kanji dictionaries
locality
locality sensitive
locality preserving
locality constraints
locality theory
locality constraint
locality principles
perfectly
perfectly acceptable
perfectly well
perfectly valid
perfectly aligned
perfectly clear
perfectly correct
dition
dition however
dition results
dition genia
dition global
dition half
dition interpretation
industry
industry standard
industry development
industry association
industry perspective
industry standards
industry government
jennifer
jennifer foster
jennifer williams
jennifer arnold
jennifer pearson
jennifer golden
jennifer hill
reuse
reuse cases
reuse existing
reuse detection
reuse data
reuse among
reuse framework
subsequence
subsequence kernel
subsequence kernels
subsequence ratio
subsequence algorithm
subsequence matching
subsequence problem
tory
tory categorial
tory university
tory power
tory representation
tory results
tory texts
diagonal
diagonal matrix
diagonal elements
diagonal entries
diagonal line
diagonal cells
diagonal values
interests
interests include
interests especially
interests knowledge
interests center
interests friends
interests involve
predi
predi cate
predi cates
predi cation
predi cations
predi orig
predi cated
validated
validated using
validated prefix
validated results
validated manually
validated data
validated model
catherine
catherine oconnor
catherine bill
catherine snow
catherine hill
catherine ralph
catherine smith
gorithms
gorithms described
gorithms used
gorithms like
gorithms proposed
gorithms could
gorithms include
quently
quently used
quently occurring
quently observed
quently enough
quently many
quently occur
shanker
shanker david
shanker university
shanker using
shanker weir
shanker schabes
shanker department
tioned
tioned earlier
tioned previously
tioned features
tioned together
tioned across
tioned entities
urls
urls emoticons
urls hashtags
urls returned
urls user
urls containing
urls email
quick
quick check
quick overview
quick access
quick fire
quick reference
quick start
shelf
shelf language
shelf tools
shelf parsers
shelf machine
shelf systems
shelf software
synonymous
synonymous words
synonymous word
synonymous collocation
synonymous sentence
synonymous expressions
synonymous terms
attempting
attempting action
attempting different
attempting additional
attempting could
attempting cross
attempting discourse
jump
jump width
jump distance
jump back
jump model
jump forward
jump density
notable
notable exception
notable exceptions
notable difference
notable differences
notable examples
notable example
defense
defense advanced
defense language
defense science
defense systems
defense secretary
defense minister
popescu
popescu etzioni
popescu plsa
popescu alex
popescu oren
popescu sara
popescu yahoo
reject
reject orig
reject decision
reject category
reject decisions
reject sentences
reject rate
incoming
incoming edges
incoming edge
incoming links
incoming arcs
incoming words
incoming sentence
ranker
ranker based
ranker using
ranker trained
ranker achieves
ranker performance
ranker joachims
rightmost
rightmost column
rightmost child
rightmost word
rightmost columns
rightmost dependent
rightmost noun
vehicle
vehicle dialogue
vehicle adjective
vehicle animal
vehicle figure
vehicle change
vehicle moving
christiane
christiane fellbaum
christiane fell
christiane editor
christiane hoffmann
christiane vossen
christiane gross
compose
compose agent
compose reduce
compose semantic
compose meaning
compose complex
compose together
dumais
dumais george
dumais thomas
dumais susan
dumais daniel
dumais john
dumais todd
initialized
initialized randomly
initialized using
initialized uniformly
initialized model
initialized parameters
initialized plsa
permits
permits efficient
permits direct
permits multiple
permits users
permits arbitrary
permits data
hwee
moderate
moderate agreement
moderate size
moderate sized
moderate improvement
moderate length
moderate amount
pad´o
pad´o marco
pad´o data
pad´o michel
pad´o sebastian
pad´o daniel
pad´o models
species
species disambiguation
species word
species name
species specific
species words
species names
spite
spite many
spite speech
spite various
spite achieving
spite bilingual
spite changes
uniformly
uniformly distributed
uniformly sampled
uniformly across
uniformly among
uniformly weighted
uniformly sample
ations
ations recent
ations pages
ations take
ations used
ations semeval
ations using
authorship
authorship attribution
authorship identification
authorship analysis
authorship classification
authorship verification
authorship information
jective
jective function
jective dependency
jective functions
jective sentences
jective measures
jective evaluation
quadratic
quadratic time
quadratic assignment
quadratic programming
quadratic program
quadratic kernel
quadratic weighted
cast
cast news
cast doubt
cast votes
cast actor
cast light
cast texts
ities
ities within
ities assigned
ities using
ities across
ities among
ities directly
captions
captions using
captions written
captions associated
captions describing
captions also
captions contain
passonneau
passonneau rebecca
passonneau columbia
passonneau litman
passonneau nizar
passonneau susan
passonneau david
lillian
lillian opinion
ratios
ratios policy
ratios percentages
ratios test
ratios used
ratios given
ratios greater
scribe
scribe comment
scribe events
scribe experiments
scribe three
scribe different
scribe related
comprising
comprising approximately
comprising around
comprising four
comprising several
comprising members
comprising texts
everything
everything else
everything together
everything except
everything known
everything must
everything turn
hashtags
hashtags used
hashtags urls
hashtags hashtag
hashtags emoticons
hashtags hashtags
hashtags named
submit
submit copies
submit results
submit papers
submit several
submit ting
submit button
wiley
wiley sons
wiley blackwell
wiley online
wiley series
wiley computer
wiley press
doctor
doctor patient
doctor examined
doctor orig
doctor medicine
doctor reviews
doctor would
inverted
inverted index
inverted order
inverted file
inverted files
inverted indexing
inverted generation
segmen
segmen tation
segmen tations
segmen orig
segmen tors
newman
newman clustering
newman cambridge
newman algorithm
newman library
newman alan
newman alexander
riedel
riedel university
riedel david
riedel hong
riedel sebastian
riedel dataset
riedel andrew
impose
impose constraints
impose restrictions
impose additional
impose different
impose semantic
impose hard
seeking
seeking dialogues
seeking dialogue
seeking information
seeking semantics
seeking questions
seeking dialogs
sensitivity
sensitivity analysis
sensitivity specificity
sensitivity given
sensitivity thresholds
sensitivity features
sensitivity model
bought
bought orig
bought every
bought john
bought bought
bought figure
bought mary
characterization
characterization task
characterization applies
characterization using
characterization could
characterization fits
characterization information
maintained
maintained throughout
maintained across
maintained even
maintained although
maintained without
maintained online
chunker
chunker based
chunker output
chunker using
chunker uses
chunker achieves
chunker abney
cognates
cognates using
cognates words
cognates simard
cognates false
cognates among
cognates even
costly
costly process
costly manual
costly human
costly task
costly annotation
costly hand
narratives
narratives using
narratives written
narratives based
narratives contain
narratives describing
narratives often
outper
outper forms
outper form
outper formed
outper forming
outper orig
phones
phones reduction
phones based
phones digital
phones syllables
phones using
phones words
ancestor
ancestor nodes
ancestor node
ancestor paths
ancestor metric
ancestor language
ancestor label
branches
branches correspond
branches according
branches corresponding
branches cross
branches represent
branches though
percentages
percentages shown
percentages correct
percentages reported
percentages given
percentages points
percentages range
permit
permit ting
permit efficient
permit multiple
permit comparison
permit direct
permit users
saying
saying something
saying things
saying anything
saying event
saying whether
saying goes
catalan
catalan chinese
catalan english
catalan spanish
catalan number
catalan corpus
catalan adjectives
protocol
protocol generation
protocol analysis
protocol development
protocol based
protocol described
protocol relevant
sheffield
sheffield sheffield
sheffield university
sheffield united
sheffield department
sheffield england
sheffield description
southern
southern california
southern denmark
southern fourth
southern illinois
southern part
southern standard
deemed
deemed correct
deemed relevant
deemed important
deemed necessary
deemed appropriate
deemed acceptable
segmenta
segmenta tion
segmenta tions
segmenta orig
yves
yves schabes
yves roger
yves anne
yves charles
yves orig
yves saint
tify
tify whether
tify words
tify discourse
tify sentences
tify entities
tify relevant
nations
nations proceedings
nations university
nations corpus
nations economic
nations largest
nations parallel
playing
playing field
playing games
playing game
playing object
playing back
playing card
supposed
supposed constituent
supposed kernel
supposed open
supposed classification
supposed problems
supposed proposition
counterpart
counterpart relation
counterpart language
counterpart core
counterpart could
counterpart english
counterpart namely
cube
cube pruning
cube growing
cube summing
cube decoding
cube pruned
cube activation
diction
diction aries
diction model
diction task
diction accuracy
diction models
diction problem
hardbound
hardbound isbn
hardbound annual
hardbound cambridge
hardbound edition
hardbound part
hardbound reviewed
leveraging
leveraging generic
leveraging natural
leveraging transliterations
leveraging large
leveraging wikipedia
leveraging existing
regularities
regularities among
regularities within
regularities found
regularities observed
regularities could
regularities concerning
magnini
magnini bernardo
magnini carlo
magnini editors
magnini german
magnini roberto
magnini dagan
nificant
nificant improvements
nificant improvement
nificant difference
nificant differences
nificant effect
nificant amount
river
river bank
river road
river lake
river sense
river crossing
river data
holding
holding among
holding company
holding function
holding multiple
holding time
holding period
presumably
presumably related
presumably also
presumably equivalent
presumably lies
presumably would
presumably better
boxes
boxes represent
boxes indicate
boxes show
boxes denote
boxes containing
boxes contain
concise
concise integer
concise summary
concise description
concise form
concise summaries
concise representation
earley
earley parser
earley algorithm
earley style
earley deduction
earley parsing
earley type
keeps
keeps track
keeps increasing
keeps growing
keeps improving
keeps record
keeps saying
straint
straint grammar
straint satisfaction
straint language
straint violations
straint propagation
straint system
nally
nally section
nally developed
nally used
nally present
nally designed
nally note
placement
placement rules
placement task
placement errors
placement test
placement within
placement based
preserved
preserved across
preserved even
preserved iterative
preserved source
preserved animal
preserved passive
bikel
bikel parser
bikel richard
bikel bies
bikel daniel
bikel scott
bikel tags
bond
bond francis
bond stephan
bond timothy
bond anna
bond eric
bond nict
establishing
establishing links
establishing coherence
establishing coreference
establishing semantic
establishing common
establishing whether
summing
summing across
summing single
summing approximate
summing probabilities
summing feature
summing four
america
america pages
america annual
america chapter
america american
america online
america order
fish
fish fish
fish orig
fish species
fish translation
fish bird
fish turkey
helsinki
helsinki finland
helsinki university
helsinki department
helsinki parsed
helsinki helsinki
helsinki august
implied
implied information
implied predicate
implied questions
implied element
implied meaning
implied rela
minimization
minimization problem
minimization algorithms
minimization algorithm
minimization rules
minimization based
minimization principle
oral
oral presentation
oral presentations
oral proficiency
oral reading
oral session
oral history
activated
activated nodes
activated pattern
activated entities
activated together
activated according
activated even
diseases
diseases symptoms
diseases drugs
diseases signs
diseases domain
diseases including
diseases provided
struction
struction grammar
struction error
struction method
struction giving
struction methods
struction algorithm
ances
ances tors
ances containing
ances using
ances produced
ances within
ances contain
violation
violation fixing
violation perceptron
violation marks
violation update
violation free
violation profiles
bracketed
bracketed corpora
bracketed corpus
bracketed strings
bracketed sentence
bracketed string
bracketed sentences
heart
heart attack
heart failure
heart rate
heart disease
heart problems
heart orig
oepen
oepen university
oepen stephan
oepen kristina
oepen marco
oepen carroll
oepen daniel
smart
smart phone
smart home
smart phones
smart retrieval
smart paradigms
smart selection
geometric
geometric mean
geometric distribution
geometric average
geometric constraints
geometric view
geometric objects
licensed
licensed within
licensed data
licensed null
licensed open
licensed form
licensed incoming
projections
projections onto
projections based
projections johnson
projections evaluation
projections rada
projections respectively
suit
suit able
suit ability
suit ably
suit different
suit users
suit orig
distinguishes
distinguishes three
distinguishes among
distinguishes four
distinguishes different
distinguishes five
distinguishes animacy
massimo
massimo poesio
massimo marco
massimo stevenson
massimo zens
apparently
apparently simple
apparently unrelated
apparently similar
apparently diverse
apparently give
apparently likes
architectures
architectures like
architectures used
architectures using
architectures including
architectures achieve
architectures based
automat
automat ically
automat orig
automat someone
commu
commu orig
gether
gether combining
gether pages
gether according
gether similar
gether using
gether based
kens
kens words
kens within
kens contained
kens excluding
kens long
kens rather
avoided
avoided using
avoided since
avoided without
avoided altogether
avoided completely
avoided especially
forums
forums blogs
forums answers
forums provide
forums using
forums like
forums social
icassp
icassp pages
icassp volume
icassp hong
icassp philadelphia
icassp toulouse
icassp honolulu
mellish
mellish chris
mellish university
mellish daniel
mellish christopher
mellish implementing
mellish massimo
scopes
scopes recognizing
scopes negated
scopes outside
scopes sent
scopes within
scopes could
tured
tured prediction
tured classification
tured data
tured information
tured text
tured perceptron
accusative
accusative case
accusative object
accusative objects
accusative dative
accusative marker
accusative genitive
bined
bined model
bined system
bined using
bined alignment
bined approach
bined method
discussing
discussing related
discussing future
discussing ideas
discussing issues
discussing possible
discussing results
morning
morning break
morning session
morning star
morning coffee
morning orig
morning morning
swer
swer extraction
swer type
swer questions
swer selection
swer candidates
swer types
unbounded
unbounded dependencies
unbounded number
unbounded dependency
unbounded amount
unbounded length
unbounded history
brevity
brevity penalty
brevity algorithm
brevity penalties
brevity preference
brevity dale
brevity search
cheap
cheap restaurant
cheap fast
cheap price
cheap book
cheap learner
cheap expensive
outcomes
outcomes analysis
outcomes also
outcomes based
outcomes associated
outcomes depending
outcomes result
prince
prince editors
prince ellen
prince alan
prince william
prince charles
prince edward
pronounced
pronounced material
pronounced differently
pronounced like
pronounced effect
pronounced phone
pronounced pitch
convex
convex optimization
convex objective
convex function
convex combination
convex relaxation
convex functions
plexity
plexity reduction
plexity results
plexity measures
plexity increases
plexity thus
plexity class
taskar
taskar editors
taskar simon
taskar carlos
taskar learning
taskar university
taskar michael
utilizes
utilizes several
utilizes information
utilizes word
utilizes wordnet
utilizes contextual
utilizes features
baldridge
baldridge jason
baldridge university
baldridge department
baldridge peter
baldridge asher
baldridge matthew
truly
truly ambiguous
truly multilingual
truly useful
truly independent
truly resource
truly semantic
copenhagen
copenhagen denmark
copenhagen business
copenhagen august
copenhagen dependency
copenhagen university
copenhagen copenhagen
trust
trust evaluation
trust region
trust words
trust john
trust levels
trust fund
extensively
extensively studied
extensively used
extensively investigated
extensively tested
extensively stud
extensively discussed
faced
faced character
faced values
faced letters
faced many
faced numbers
faced problems
prod
prod rule
prod orig
prod grammars
prod product
prod using
prod also
requested
requested slots
requested information
requested action
requested members
requested note
requested placement
shares
shares many
shares features
shares much
shares similarities
shares certain
shares similar
voorhees
voorhees ellen
voorhees nist
voorhees editor
voorhees voorhees
voorhees national
voorhees bonnie
deci
deci sion
deci sions
deci orig
deci sive
deci bels
emoticons
emoticons hashtags
emoticons urls
emoticons found
emoticons listed
emoticons punctuation
emoticons replacement
stores
stores information
stores data
stores examples
stores every
stores context
stores counts
visit
visit http
visit order
visit sequence
visit duration
visit london
visit count
alternate
alternate approach
alternate names
alternate method
alternate forms
alternate spellings
alternate word
helping
helping people
helping users
helping game
helping paradigms
helping students
helping learners
inal
inal scales
inal text
inal word
inal sentence
inal anaphora
inal grammar
observing
observing word
observing part
observing human
observing humans
observing constraints
observing interaction
phil
phil blunsom
phil edmonds
phil cohen
phil green
phil hayes
phil resnik
scratch
scratch using
scratch fields
scratch structures
scratch without
scratch every
scratch instead
subsumption
subsumption relation
subsumption hierarchy
subsumption relations
subsumption checking
subsumption lattice
subsumption test
globally
globally optimal
globally normalized
globally optimized
globally best
globally consistent
globally trained
whatever
whatever information
whatever reason
whatever else
whatever kind
whatever reasons
whatever type
tiple
tiple languages
tiple times
tiple senses
tiple words
tiple knowledge
tiple levels
zheng
zheng chen
zheng yuan
zheng ping
zheng donald
zheng luke
zheng heng
lopez
lopez adam
lopez annie
lopez hieu
lopez university
lopez johns
lopez edinburgh
measurements
measurements using
measurements taken
measurements indicate
measurements used
measurements based
measurements including
attractive
attractive alternative
attractive feature
attractive properties
attractive features
attractive property
attractive since
cluded
cluded features
cluded within
cluded several
cluded common
cluded different
cluded four
horizontal
horizontal axis
horizontal line
horizontal lines
horizontal dimension
horizontal relations
horizontal vertical
montague
montague grammar
montague semantics
montague richard
montague style
montague grammars
montague gram
reflexive
reflexive pronoun
reflexive pronouns
reflexive transitive
reflexive verbs
reflexive symmetric
reflexive closure
putting
putting together
putting aside
putting linguistics
putting pieces
putting everything
putting emphasis
subtle
subtle differences
subtle distinctions
subtle difference
subtle semantic
subtle ways
subtle changes
diego
diego california
diego state
diego march
diego academic
diego university
diego asked
equals
equals sign
equals zero
equals four
equals recall
equals lisp
equals relation
frontier
frontier nodes
frontier node
frontier tree
frontier graph
frontier items
frontier edges
presupposition
presupposition projection
presupposition failure
presupposition triggers
presupposition resolution
presupposition entailment
presupposition trigger
conver
conver sation
conver sion
conver gence
conver sions
conver orig
conver baseline
ngrams
ngrams length
ngrams dataset
ngrams ngrams
ngrams datasets
ngrams ambiguous
ngrams zero
elaborate
elaborate features
elaborate models
elaborate methods
elaborate domain
elaborate rules
elaborate classification
harvard
harvard university
harvard univer
harvard medical
harvard univ
harvard business
harvard college
parison
parison purposes
parison method
parison results
parison among
parison methods
parison across
reconstruction
reconstruction error
reconstruction engine
reconstruction model
reconstruction algorithm
reconstruction based
reconstruction using
rounds
rounds william
rounds university
rounds figure
rounds logic
rounds percentage
rounds electrical
advp
advp advp
advp orig
advp adverb
advp adverbial
advp adjp
advp also
browser
browser based
browser extension
browser window
browser plug
browser interface
browser extensions
influences
influences model
influences language
influences features
influences human
influences accuracy
influences choice
jacob
jacob eisenstein
jacob cohen
jacob andreas
jacob bergsma
jacob feldman
jacob jensen
simultaneous
simultaneous interpretation
simultaneous translation
simultaneous speech
simultaneous adjunction
simultaneous machine
simultaneous events
converge
converge faster
converge towards
converge within
converge quickly
converge even
converge toward
descent
descent algorithm
descent method
descent training
descent methods
descent algorithms
descent parser
doubt
doubt action
doubt discourse
doubt whether
doubt unsupervised
doubt doubt
doubt possibility
plete
plete sentence
plete parse
plete sentences
plete list
plete data
plete model
adjust
adjust ment
adjust ments
adjust fire
adjust weights
adjust parameters
adjust trigger
benjamins
benjamins amsterdam
benjamins publishing
benjamins philadelphia
benjamins studies
benjamins natural
benjamins pages
bertoldi
bertoldi brooke
bertoldi chris
bertoldi daniel
bertoldi richard
bertoldi nicola
bertoldi barry
cardinality
cardinality pruning
cardinality constraints
cardinality constraint
cardinality features
cardinality function
cardinality based
crease
crease performance
crease recall
crease coverage
crease indicates
crease social
crease accuracy
friedman
friedman richard
friedman test
friedman using
friedman trevor
friedman philip
friedman columbia
mona
mona diab
mona baker
mona lisa
mona singh
mona decision
mona habash
objectives
objectives applied
objectives using
objectives outlined
objectives preferences
objectives first
objectives methods
tied
tied together
tied mixture
tied state
tied ranks
tied pairs
tied scores
dekai
dekai fung
dekai cascaded
dekai type
lascarides
lascarides alex
lascarides logical
lascarides university
lascarides asher
lascarides nicholas
lascarides alon
colour
colour size
colour associations
colour terms
colour scheme
colour association
colour coding
commentary
commentary corpus
commentary data
commentary dataset
commentary corpora
commentary test
commentary europarl
erlbaum
erlbaum associates
erlbaum asso
erlbaum publishers
erlbaum assoc
erlbaum pages
erlbaum associ
listing
listing focused
listing database
listing name
listing names
listing page
listing model
onset
onset nucleus
onset time
onset parse
onset rhyme
onset peak
onset maximization
primitives
primitives like
primitives used
primitives semantically
primitives called
primitives derived
primitives schank
confirmation
confirmation strategies
confirmation strategy
confirmation prompt
confirmation requests
confirmation prompts
confirmation questions
folds
folds cross
folds using
folds feature
folds person
folds used
folds figure
confirms
confirms previous
confirms earlier
confirms hypothesis
confirms presence
confirms baseline
confirms first
pinyin
pinyin input
pinyin string
pinyin name
pinyin syllables
pinyin sequence
pinyin names
usable
usable data
usable speech
usable dictionary
usable tools
usable form
usable items
fund
fund raising
fund allows
fund payment
fund total
fund international
fund journal
hypothe
hypothe sized
hypothe size
hypothe orig
hypothe sizes
plots
plots show
plots corresponding
plots showing
plots accuracy
plots clearly
plots precision
reuters
reuters corpus
reuters news
reuters data
reuters newswire
reuters collection
reuters dataset
tanaka
tanaka corpus
tanaka francis
tanaka tokyo
tanaka method
tanaka timothy
tanaka department
adverbials
adverbials like
adverbials since
adverbials whose
adverbials tend
adverbials appear
adverbials cannot
arbitrarily
arbitrarily large
arbitrarily long
arbitrarily complex
arbitrarily chosen
arbitrarily many
arbitrarily selected
hockenmaier
hockenmaier university
hockenmaier julia
hockenmaier paul
hockenmaier department
hockenmaier aravind
hockenmaier beth
permutations
permutations generated
permutations using
permutations like
permutations based
permutations used
permutations according
pressed
pressed using
pressed sentence
pressed towards
pressed explicitly
pressed sentences
pressed arguments
substituted
substituted phrase
substituted back
substituted node
substituted words
substituted character
substituted form
forces
forces acting
forces behind
forces annotators
forces said
forces based
forces researchers
marcinkiewicz
marcinkiewicz robert
marcinkiewicz mary
marcinkiewicz beat
marcinkiewicz beatrice
marcinkiewicz building
began
began work
began working
began building
began publishing
began reading
began exploring
bilin
bilin gual
bilin orig
bilin anal
bilin tries
court
court decisions
court records
court case
court cases
court washington
court decision
living
living room
living thing
living things
living languages
living space
living animate
longman
longman dictionary
longman london
longman group
longman grammar
longman lexicon
longman publishing
lunch
lunch break
lunch session
lunch invited
lunch conversation
lunch poster
lunch today
thinking
thinking machines
thinking exploiting
thinking readings
thinking time
thinking finding
thinking head
hajiˇc
hajiˇc lance
hajiˇc pavel
hajiˇc charles
hajiˇc martin
hajiˇc petr
hajiˇc christopher
lisp
lisp machine
lisp code
lisp function
lisp functions
lisp program
lisp like
pear
pear sons
pear stories
pear within
pear frequently
pear together
pear often
pected
pected since
pected number
pected value
pected counts
pected answer
pected values
capitalized
capitalized words
capitalized word
capitalized letters
capitalized common
capitalized letter
capitalized initial
stimulus
stimulus words
stimulus word
stimulus conditions
stimulus condition
stimulus scenes
stimulus response
triggered
triggered word
triggered words
triggered either
triggered hidden
triggered item
triggered every
plausibility
plausibility judgments
plausibility judgements
plausibility ratings
plausibility value
plausibility values
plausibility score
predication
predication definition
predication adjuncts
predication networks
predication rule
predication strength
predication theory
women
women fire
women labeled
women look
women prefer
women orig
women performed
writ
writ orig
writ ings
writ although
writ large
writ matching
writ parser
gurevych
gurevych judith
gurevych robert
gurevych iryna
gurevych richard
gurevych graeme
gurevych christof
indirectly
indirectly related
indirectly linked
indirectly using
indirectly capture
indirectly relevant
indirectly evaluated
colleagues
colleagues also
colleagues introduced
colleagues especially
colleagues report
colleagues goodman
colleagues participated
ended
ended questions
ended question
ended prompt
ended extensible
ended interface
ended prompts
senseval
senseval workshop
senseval data
senseval evaluation
senseval competition
senseval lexical
senseval task
typology
typology based
typology second
typology driven
typology reconstruction
typology computational
typology emily
collec
collec tion
collec tions
collec tive
collec tively
collec orig
collec tors
draft
draft version
draft available
draft definition
draft versions
draft translation
draft international
montr´eal
montr´eal canada
montr´eal montr´eal
montr´eal cheng
montr´eal june
montr´eal mirella
montr´eal pages
summer
summer school
summer workshop
summer institute
summer inst
summer fall
summer schools
accomplished
accomplished using
accomplished without
accomplished within
accomplished across
accomplished aspect
accomplished causality
gregory
gregory grefenstette
gregory ward
gregory park
gregory murphy
gregory drive
gregory alan
specia
specia nicola
specia university
specia caroline
specia marco
specia department
specia lucia
ahead
ahead buffer
ahead features
ahead approach
ahead word
ahead pages
ahead probability
factual
factual information
factual knowledge
factual questions
factual statements
factual question
factual status
infrastructure
infrastructure group
infrastructure developed
infrastructure supporting
infrastructure principles
infrastructure provided
infrastructure project
martins
martins noah
martins nathan
martins press
martins smith
martins book
martins intelligent
assist
assist users
assist authors
assist human
assist humans
assist researchers
assist help
cook
cook university
cook diana
cook marco
cook paul
cook steven
cook food
denver
denver colorado
denver orig
denver flights
denver research
denver given
denver june
modi
modi fied
modi fiers
modi fier
modi fication
modi fying
modi orig
reorderings
reorderings within
reorderings produced
reorderings figure
reorderings following
reorderings introduced
reorderings occur
identifiers
identifiers assigned
identifiers across
identifiers associated
identifiers used
identifiers along
identifiers corresponding
transitivity
transitivity constraints
transitivity constraint
transitivity alternations
transitivity analysis
transitivity properties
transitivity features
partici
partici pants
partici ples
partici orig
partici text
partici verb
simulate
simulate human
simulate user
simulate different
simulate various
simulate real
simulate agents
spent
spent reading
spent annotating
spent much
spent less
spent looking
spent three
cascaded
cascaded chunking
cascaded finite
cascaded approach
cascaded model
cascaded linear
cascaded entity
contradiction
contradiction detection
contradiction pairs
contradiction relations
contradiction detec
contradiction extraction
contradiction focused
hatzivassiloglou
hatzivassiloglou judith
hatzivassiloglou translating
hatzivassiloglou kathleen
hatzivassiloglou regina
hatzivassiloglou columbia
hatzivassiloglou department
nents
nents agree
nents analysis
nents described
nents necessary
nents affect
nents allow
tomatically
tomatically generated
tomatically extracted
tomatically acquired
tomatically generate
tomatically acquiring
tomatically derived
tically
tically significant
tically motivated
tically similar
tically annotated
tically related
tically equivalent
todd
todd ward
todd alice
todd federico
todd kaufmann
todd newman
todd philip
calcu
calcu lated
calcu late
calcu lation
calcu orig
calcu lations
friends
friends family
friends like
friends dialogues
friends give
friends house
friends colleagues
hundreds
hundreds place
hundreds thousands
hundreds orig
hundreds rather
hundreds actually
hundreds also
innovative
innovative applications
innovative hybrid
innovative ways
innovative ideas
innovative research
innovative aspect
cumulative
cumulative gain
cumulative reward
cumulative distribution
cumulative number
cumulative effect
cumulative score
denotation
denotation graph
denotation type
denotation types
denotation features
denotation function
denotation figure
developments
developments include
developments since
developments within
developments pavel
developments sets
developments like
egories
egories using
egories based
egories like
egories according
egories listed
egories given
kenji
kenji sagae
kenji yamada
kenji suzuki
kenji yusuke
kenji department
kenji matsumoto
lexica
lexica using
lexica based
lexica community
lexica access
lexica annotated
lexica corpora
orderings
orderings defined
orderings produced
orderings among
orderings using
orderings within
orderings instead
unnecessary
unnecessary words
unnecessary determiner
unnecessary information
unnecessary preposition
unnecessary elements
unnecessary since
addressee
addressee detection
addressee identification
addressee prediction
addressee label
addressee message
addressee oriented
insertions
insertions deletions
insertions substitutions
insertions number
insertions respectively
insertions since
insertions alignments
qatar
qatar computing
qatar october
qatar foundation
qatar national
qatar living
qatar arabic
accepts
accepts input
accepts exactly
accepts text
accepts sentences
accepts generates
accepts multiple
assertion
assertion classification
assertion analysis
assertion parse
assertion status
assertion classifier
assertion command
intentional
intentional structure
intentional relations
intentional level
intentional context
intentional structures
intentional influences
iwslt
iwslt pages
iwslt speech
iwslt data
iwslt task
iwslt evaluation
iwslt chinese
korhonen
korhonen university
korhonen statistical
korhonen anna
korhonen probabilistic
korhonen computer
korhonen editors
tradition
tradition ally
tradition established
tradition also
tradition begun
tradition previous
tradition within
absent
absent present
absent absent
absent altogether
absent fail
absent information
absent entities
meets
meets psychology
meets word
meets tiger
meets linguistic
meets active
meets markov
normalizing
normalizing constant
normalizing factor
normalizing time
normalizing translation
normalizing tweets
normalizing text
print
print file
print dictionaries
print head
print media
print effect
print archive
campaign
campaign overview
campaign iwslt
campaign based
campaign finance
campaign including
campaign manager
collobert
collobert jason
collobert weston
collobert yoshua
collobert collobert
collobert eric
collobert robert
gather
gather information
gather data
gather statistics
gather facts
gather additional
gather enough
jeff
jeff mitchell
jeff dean
jeff good
jeff hayes
jeff helped
jeff long
nology
nology conference
nology research
nology workshop
nology pages
nology extraction
nology development
bination
bination methods
bination method
bination task
bination weights
bination approach
bination system
coreferent
coreferent mentions
coreferent pairs
coreferent noun
coreferent mention
coreferent paths
coreferent according
decreased
decreased performance
decreased accuracy
decreased precision
decreased recall
decreased number
decreased significantly
height
height width
height high
height john
height correlation
height front
height increases
sekine
sekine satoshi
sekine david
sekine ralph
sekine computer
sekine mike
sekine sekine
sing
sing three
sing case
sing sing
sing noun
sing orig
sing pers
minimizing
minimizing contrastive
minimizing manual
minimizing word
minimizing human
minimizing dependency
minimizing entropy
anderson
anderson street
anderson miles
anderson anne
anderson david
anderson stephen
anderson john
hahn
hahn university
hahn functional
hahn katrin
hahn ranking
hahn ring
hahn markert
marcello
marcello federico
marcello bertoldi
marcello alessandro
marcello nicola
snover
snover bonnie
snover matthew
snover robin
snover dorr
snover lisa
snover xiang
speculation
speculation cues
speculation scope
speculation detection
speculation keywords
speculation annotations
speculation scopes
nizar
nizar habash
nizar owen
nizar rambow
nizar ryan
nizar mona
nizar recently
pointwise
pointwise mutual
pointwise multiplication
pointwise prediction
pointwise method
pointwise approach
pointwise pairwise
born
born digital
born october
born feature
born james
born september
born april
gory
gory labels
gory label
gory information
gory assignments
gory disambiguation
gory network
tailed
tailed paired
tailed description
tailed analysis
tailed test
tailed sign
tailed information
aside
aside less
aside considerations
aside data
aside details
aside different
aside every
counterparts
counterparts except
counterparts promise
counterparts since
counterparts even
counterparts without
counterparts according
optimum
optimum decoding
optimum value
optimum solution
optimum tree
optimum performance
optimum values
tetreault
tetreault daniel
tetreault educational
tetreault yahoo
tetreault jennifer
tetreault joel
tetreault martin
transformational
transformational grammar
transformational rules
transformational grammars
transformational question
transformational rule
transformational syntax
funding
funding initiative
funding agency
funding organizations
funding support
funding scheme
funding sources
hirschman
hirschman marc
hirschman alexander
hirschman mitre
hirschman martin
hirschman david
hirschman editors
methodological
methodological issues
methodological framework
methodological point
methodological problems
methodological approach
methodological principles
drawback
drawback however
drawback associated
drawback concerns
drawback leads
drawback relative
drawback results
interpolated
interpolated model
interpolated kneser
interpolated models
interpolated estimation
interpolated language
interpolated average
planned
planned future
planned action
planned activity
planned response
planned behavior
planned comparisons
raises
raises questions
raises several
raises interesting
raises many
raises issues
raises problems
sister
sister adjunction
sister head
sister nodes
sister constituents
sister node
sister adjoining
spectrum
spectrum disorders
spectrum disorder
spectrum kernel
spectrum elements
spectrum analysis
spectrum tree
stopping
stopping criterion
stopping criteria
stopping point
stopping condition
stopping points
stopping active
compiler
compiler design
compiler generator
compiler compiler
compiler generates
compiler also
compiler construction
encourage
encourage researchers
encourage users
encourage sparsity
encourage ment
encourage others
encourage research
exercises
exercises based
exercises using
exercises would
exercises also
exercises produced
exercises used
methodologies
methodologies used
methodologies evolution
methodologies applied
methodologies based
methodologies content
methodologies evaluation
sarkar
sarkar simon
sarkar kenji
sarkar school
sarkar stephen
sarkar aravind
sarkar dept
yuji
yuji matsumoto
yuji saarland
animate
animate nouns
animate entities
animate subject
animate noun
animate object
animate entity
detec
detec tion
detec tors
detec orig
detec tions
detec ting
detec tive
download
download counts
download able
download page
download data
download online
download pages
monday
monday june
monday july
monday august
monday october
monday april
monday night
transcript
transcript based
transcript editor
transcript analysis
transcript data
transcript baseline
transcript sentences
intelli
intelli gence
intelli orig
intelli bility
intelli metric
intelli rence
terminological
terminological resources
terminological knowledge
terminological data
terminological resource
terminological units
terminological databases
devoted
devoted considerable
devoted much
devoted entirely
devoted solely
devoted efforts
devoted exclusively
gaizauskas
gaizauskas andrea
gaizauskas frank
gaizauskas university
gaizauskas mark
gaizauskas editors
gaizauskas robert
grants
grants council
grants beginning
grants competition
grants centers
grants darpa
grants distributional
markus
markus becker
markus joakim
markus david
markus maier
markus m¨uller
deictic
deictic expressions
deictic reference
deictic gestures
deictic references
deictic pronouns
deictic center
integrates
integrates syntax
integrates different
integrates several
integrates linguistic
integrates word
integrates knowledge
downloaded
downloaded pages
downloaded using
downloaded corpus
downloaded data
downloaded documents
downloaded snippets
factoid
factoid questions
factoid question
factoid analysis
factoid ques
factoid hierarchy
factoid answer
gument
gument structure
gument identification
gument classification
gument structures
gument types
gument labeling
transliterations
transliterations produced
transliterations using
transliterations based
transliterations according
transliterations name
transliterations follow
broadly
broadly speaking
broadly applicable
broadly similar
broadly classified
broadly defined
broadly divided
hardly
hardly ever
hardly surprising
hardly know
hardly possible
hardly used
hardly better
promise
promise estimation
promise scores
promise dynamic
promise better
promise given
promise precisely
security
security council
security informatics
security level
security agency
security risk
security number
successive
successive iterations
successive sentences
successive steps
successive utterances
successive words
successive application
disjunction
disjunction domain
disjunction heuristic
disjunction without
disjunction must
disjunction operator
disjunction free
mcclosky
mcclosky eugene
mcclosky mihai
mcclosky charniak
mcclosky david
mcclosky stanford
mcclosky ryan
pacific
pacific asia
pacific symposium
pacific association
pacific finance
pacific conference
pacific signal
asher
asher nicholas
asher university
asher giuseppe
asher michel
asher daniel
asher editor
classifies
classifies whether
classifies words
classifies documents
classifies every
classifies verbs
classifies word
ramshaw
ramshaw mitchell
ramshaw ralph
ramshaw marcus
ramshaw lance
ramshaw elizabeth
ramshaw richard
taxonomic
taxonomic relations
taxonomic relation
taxonomic names
taxonomic structure
taxonomic information
taxonomic name
clarke
clarke lapata
clarke university
clarke james
clarke gordon
clarke peter
clarke michael
defini
defini tion
defini tions
defini tional
defini orig
defini tive
defini tively
enrich
enrich ment
enrich wordnet
enrich existing
enrich short
enrich lexical
enrich queries
hanks
hanks roser
hanks patrick
hanks word
hanks donald
hanks anna
hanks collins
nent
nent words
nent analysis
nent models
nent based
nent systems
nent information
robin
robin cooper
robin cohen
robin clark
robin fashion
robin hill
robin scheme
separating
separating facts
separating hyper
separating fact
separating training
separating surface
separating text
walks
walks based
walks jos´e
walks like
walks model
walks perspective
walks starting
dividing
dividing line
dividing words
dividing text
dividing data
dividing documents
dividing lines
fell
fell baum
fell short
fell within
fell back
fell outside
fell joel
feminine
feminine singular
feminine plural
feminine gender
feminine noun
feminine nouns
feminine form
fiction
fiction texts
fiction genres
fiction domain
fiction corpus
fiction domains
fiction data
sepa
sepa rate
sepa rated
sepa rating
sepa rates
sepa ration
sepa orig
hassan
hassan ahmed
hassan university
hassan sara
hassan michael
hassan kristina
hassan anthony
workshops
workshops held
workshops pages
workshops chair
workshops chairs
workshops koehn
workshops organized
avec
avec deux
avec cette
avec indication
avec pour
avec environ
avec signals
camera
camera ready
camera domain
camera motion
camera reviews
camera room
camera aspect
encyclopedia
encyclopedia articles
encyclopedia wikipedia
encyclopedia text
encyclopedia entries
encyclopedia definitions
encyclopedia entry
como
como base
como para
como baseline
como verbal
como principal
como also
copyright
copyright notice
copyright transfer
copyright annotation
copyright notation
copyright issues
copyright restrictions
dfki
dfki germany
dfki language
dfki berlin
dfki project
dfki online
dfki hybrid
friend
friend mary
friend ship
friend dataset
friend recommendation
friend sense
friend best
adult
adult speech
adult directed
adult utterances
adult grammar
adult language
adult like
kishore
kishore papineni
kishore salim
kishore roukos
kishore alan
sourceforge
sourceforge website
sourceforge site
sourceforge file
sourceforge http
sourceforge resources
sourceforge users
variational
variational inference
variational bayes
variational bayesian
variational decoding
variational approximation
variational methods
zone
zone titles
zone classifier
zone analysis
zone classification
zone identification
zone boundaries
carlson
carlson daniel
carlson marcu
carlson library
carlson andrew
carlson maria
carlson greg
sbar
sbar orig
sbar node
sbar clause
sbar sbar
sbar nodes
sbar headed
unchanged
unchanged since
unchanged even
unchanged across
unchanged along
unchanged text
unchanged throughout
votes
votes cast
votes received
votes among
votes based
votes given
votes occurred
zettlemoyer
zettlemoyer sharon
zettlemoyer university
zettlemoyer luke
zettlemoyer computer
zettlemoyer collins
zettlemoyer oren
caption
caption generation
caption text
caption entity
caption generalization
caption search
caption coreference
carbonell
carbonell jaime
carbonell carnegie
carbonell george
carbonell alon
carbonell chris
carbonell computer
forthcoming
forthcoming paper
forthcoming work
forthcoming articles
forthcoming proceedings
forthcoming technical
forthcoming book
lectures
lectures notes
lectures given
lectures data
lectures dataset
lectures orig
lectures aimed
mistake
mistake driven
mistake made
mistake bound
mistake type
mistake types
mistake cost
pendent
pendent word
pendent variable
pendent features
pendent given
pendent variables
pendent upon
peng
peng zhang
peng gerald
peng dale
peng feng
peng wang
peng jiang
wards
wards method
wards answering
wards automatic
wards multi
wards developing
wards incremental
carlos
carlos brazil
carlos martin
carlos marco
carlos alexander
carlos daniel
carlos david
cludes
cludes features
cludes three
cludes additional
cludes many
cludes expressions
cludes another
lesk
lesk algorithm
lesk measure
lesk michael
lesk similarity
lesk banerjee
lesk based
opin
opin orig
opin words
professor
professor michael
professor chomsky
professor robert
professor university
professor department
professor alex
moran
moran richard
moran douglas
moran department
moran rich
moran christine
moran oregon
accounted
accounted better
accounted directly
accounted formally
accounted logical
accounted well
dynamics
dynamics model
dynamics within
dynamics word
dynamics based
dynamics animal
dynamics behind
phrasing
phrasing model
phrasing rules
phrasing pages
phrasing affects
phrasing scheme
phrasing system
chemical
chemical named
chemical names
chemical compound
chemical compounds
chemical entities
chemical elements
greatest
greatest number
greatest lower
greatest impact
greatest improvement
greatest increase
greatest common
raise
raise bind
raise awareness
raise rise
raise questions
raise expectations
raise issues
skewed
skewed distribution
skewed towards
skewed class
skewed distributions
skewed data
skewed nature
subtypes
subtypes used
subtypes according
subtypes corresponding
subtypes also
subtypes including
subtypes attributes
toulouse
toulouse france
toulouse july
toulouse university
toulouse budapest
toulouse toulouse
toulouse cnrs
florian
florian laws
florian wolf
florian john
florian radu
florian charles
florian george
undirected
undirected graph
undirected graphical
undirected graphs
undirected edges
undirected path
undirected weighted
chin
chin marc
chin david
chin tang
chin chen
chin rest
chin university
malt
malt parser
malt orig
malt nivre
malt baseline
malt model
malt dependency
productivity
productivity rankings
productivity gains
productivity gain
productivity measures
productivity estimates
productivity measure
causality
causality extraction
causality identification
causality pairs
causality relation
causality candidates
causality hypotheses
diagnostic
diagnostic evaluation
diagnostic classification
diagnostic criteria
diagnostic tool
diagnostic correctness
diagnostic groups
distinctive
distinctive features
distinctive feature
distinctive image
distinctive words
distinctive phrases
distinctive properties
optimality
optimality theory
optimality theoretic
optimality archive
optimality constraints
optimality operator
optimality guarantees
stemmer
stemmer porter
stemmer using
stemmer algorithm
stemmer called
stemmer generation
stemmer based
locate
locate relevant
locate information
locate answers
locate documents
locate place
locate potential
asia
asia conference
asia pacific
asia beijing
asia china
asia information
asia represent
prasad
prasad aravind
prasad university
prasad david
prasad webber
prasad christopher
prasad bonnie
stituent
stituent parsing
stituent words
stituent structure
stituent boundaries
stituent order
stituent trees
subtype
subtype covering
subtype relation
subtype definitions
subtype includes
subtype pattern
subtype event
traversal
traversal strings
traversal algorithm
traversal order
traversal string
traversal algorithms
traversal strategy
aided
aided translation
aided language
aided design
aided human
aided machine
aided instruction
carletta
carletta jean
carletta university
carletta gregory
carletta jason
carletta simone
carletta stefan
itive
itive negative
itive examples
itive results
itive sentiment
itive instances
itive class
porter
porter stemmer
porter stemming
porter stem
porter stemmed
porter robust
porter algorithm
ministry
ministry committee
ministry project
ministry said
ministry foreign
ministry criticism
ministry president
allel
allel corpus
allel corpora
allel data
allel texts
allel text
allel sentences
inappropriate
inappropriate ones
inappropriate translations
inappropriate response
inappropriate sense
inappropriate usage
inappropriate verb
sentations
sentations using
sentations used
sentations learned
sentations called
sentations derived
sentations directly
yates
yates stefan
yates correction
yates michael
yates editors
yates carlos
yates alexander
davis
davis corpus
davis oren
davis alon
davis editor
davis george
davis mark
kristina
kristina toutanova
kristina christopher
kristina nilsson
kristina hook
kristina klein
kristina lisa
nominative
nominative case
nominative accusative
nominative singular
nominative subject
nominative argument
nominative plural
periods
periods capitalized
periods commas
periods question
periods period
periods used
periods whether
emission
emission probabilities
emission probability
emission features
emission model
emission distributions
emission distribution
excerpt
excerpt shown
excerpt figure
excerpt shows
excerpt contains
excerpt length
excerpt taken
leacock
leacock chodorow
leacock martin
leacock claudia
leacock chris
leacock geoffrey
leacock editors
cantly
cantly better
cantly outperforms
cantly different
cantly higher
cantly improve
cantly improved
imperative
imperative sentences
imperative mood
imperative form
imperative sentence
imperative verb
imperative linear
nagao
nagao makoto
nagao kyoto
nagao electrical
nagao transfer
nagao syntactic
nagao parser
plane
plane algorithm
plane method
plane training
plane carrying
plane inference
plane methods
removes
removes many
removes edges
removes features
removes information
removes nodes
removes affixes
santa
santa cruz
santa barbara
santa maria
santa anna
santa clause
santa berlin
unaligned
unaligned words
unaligned word
unaligned target
unaligned source
unaligned text
unaligned nodes
banerjee
banerjee pedersen
banerjee language
banerjee alon
banerjee rudnicky
banerjee regina
banerjee song
behave
behave similarly
behave differently
behave like
behave quite
behave differ
behave exactly
demonstrations
demonstrations pages
demonstrations session
demonstrations program
demonstrations presented
demonstrations chairs
demonstrations interactive
fiers
fiers trained
fiers using
fiers based
fiers performance
fiers used
fiers usually
functor
functor argument
functor category
functor categories
functor sign
functor looking
functor pred
pointers
pointers back
pointers linking
pointers called
pointers consists
pointers referring
pointers started
rand
rand index
rand corporation
rand orig
rand base
rand conf
rand measure
descriptors
descriptors used
descriptors whose
descriptors using
descriptors must
descriptors chosen
descriptors lowe
gazetteers
gazetteers using
gazetteers used
gazetteers improve
gazetteers would
gazetteers containing
gazetteers improved
storing
storing information
storing partial
storing counts
storing data
storing logical
storing intermediate
antonio
antonio texas
antonio circle
antonio carlos
antonio date
antonio jos´e
antonio paolo
assistant
assistant professor
assistant director
assistant system
assistant william
assistant software
assistant secretary
exhibits
exhibits high
exhibits chair
exhibits similar
exhibits higher
exhibits several
exhibits better
feasibility
feasibility study
feasibility analysis
feasibility demonstration
feasibility studies
feasibility experiments
feasibility test
masculine
masculine singular
masculine plural
masculine feminine
masculine gender
masculine noun
masculine nouns
argumentative
argumentative discourse
argumentative structure
argumentative text
argumentative relations
argumentative texts
argumentative roles
film
film reviews
film actor
film music
film director
film film
film movie
opera
opera tions
opera tion
opera tors
opera tional
opera orig
opera tive
riezler
riezler mary
riezler stefan
riezler alexander
riezler german
riezler heidelberg
riezler department
bresnan
bresnan editor
bresnan joan
bresnan anna
bresnan kaplan
bresnan andrew
bresnan center
seeing
seeing stars
seeing event
seeing whether
seeing mary
seeing many
seeing word
shriberg
shriberg rebecca
shriberg andreas
shriberg elizabeth
shriberg integrating
shriberg barbara
shriberg wade
sists
sists mainly
sists mostly
sists solely
sists almost
sists also
sists although
tillmann
tillmann christoph
tillmann stephan
tillmann ivan
tillmann hermann
tillmann kristina
tillmann stefan
animacy
animacy classification
animacy information
animacy annotation
animacy definiteness
animacy hierarchy
animacy recognition
couple
couple morphology
couple george
couple sentences
couple speech
couple weeks
couple assumptions
inde
inde pendent
inde orig
inde finite
inde termination
inde feasible
inde house
infrequent
infrequent words
infrequent ones
infrequent word
infrequent sense
infrequent features
infrequent classes
inherently
inherently ambiguous
inherently difficult
inherently noisy
inherently limited
inherently different
inherently subjective
mated
mated using
mated essay
mated scoring
mated text
mated system
mated speech
wrote
wrote book
wrote books
wrote several
wrote many
wrote publications
wrote rules
circumstances
circumstances answer
circumstances however
circumstances like
circumstances surrounding
circumstances appears
circumstances desired
duces
duces better
duces many
duces higher
duces several
duces word
duces less
garden
garden path
garden paths
garden variety
garden city
garden wall
garden computer
semiring
semiring parsing
semiring weighted
semiring eisner
semiring framework
semiring parser
semiring frameworks
singleton
singleton clusters
singleton mentions
singleton cluster
singleton sets
singleton entities
singleton baseline
ambigu
ambigu ities
ambigu orig
ambigu ously
ambigu nous
ambigu dans
ambigu ious
premise
premise part
premise behind
premise entails
premise words
premise problems
premise sentences
sorts
sorts allow
sorts first
sorts gives
sorts including
sorts like
sorts mark
spirit
spirit similar
spirit collection
spirit although
spirit coda
spirit levin
spirit many
alto
alto research
alto california
alto gether
alto laboratory
alto alto
alto annual
friendly
friendly interface
friendly graphical
friendly text
friendly tool
friendly interfaces
friendly user
printed
printed delivery
printed dictionaries
printed text
printed dictionary
printed english
printed mailing
confident
confident predictions
confident word
confident ones
confident enough
confident event
confident examples
driving
driving force
driving semantic
driving task
driving performance
driving induced
driving simulation
elizabeth
elizabeth shriberg
elizabeth owen
elizabeth white
elizabeth wade
elizabeth bates
elizabeth andreas
fear
fear anger
fear surprise
fear tracking
fear words
fear fear
fear terms
sitions
sitions within
sitions among
sitions appearing
sitions determiners
sitions across
sitions conjunctions
viewpoint
viewpoint oriented
viewpoint towards
viewpoint model
viewpoint aspect
viewpoint distribution
viewpoint discovery
facility
facility location
facility entities
facility using
facility entity
facility vehicle
facility construct
lexicographic
lexicographic semiring
lexicographic work
lexicographic resources
lexicographic order
lexicographic file
lexicographic resource
sents
sents words
sents tokens
sents another
sents documents
sents either
sents test
stressed
stressed syllable
stressed syllables
stressed vowel
stressed vowels
stressed words
stressed word
structed
structed using
structed based
structed semantic
structed according
structed case
structed manually
tight
tight integration
tight coupling
tight schedule
tight ness
tight phrase
tight time
finished
finished speaking
finished reading
finished processing
finished writing
finished crossing
finished product
greg
greg kondrak
greg carlson
greg little
greg grefenstette
greg park
greg miller
ously
ously proposed
ously mentioned
ously unseen
ously used
ously published
ously reported
budapest
budapest hungary
budapest august
budapest pages
budapest university
budapest aberdeen
budapest september
nificantly
nificantly better
nificantly different
nificantly outperforms
nificantly higher
nificantly improve
nificantly improves
overlaps
overlaps among
overlaps occur
overlaps across
overlaps another
overlaps banerjee
overlaps describe
plications
plications pages
plications including
plications like
plications require
plications include
plications using
presentations
presentations session
presentations machine
presentations could
presentations dialog
presentations long
presentations based
ships
ships among
ships within
ships extracted
ships based
ships carry
ships computer
attested
attested patterns
attested forms
attested form
attested surface
attested stress
attested systems
experiences
experiences using
experiences gained
experiences processed
experiences rather
experiences could
experiences made
proce
proce dure
proce orig
proce proce
proce figure
proce would
pyysalo
pyysalo tomoko
pyysalo junichi
pyysalo makoto
pyysalo sampo
pyysalo university
pyysalo sophia
shot
shot learning
shot dead
shot mary
shot entity
shot change
shot detection
backbone
backbone word
backbone grammar
backbone extraction
backbone nodes
backbone selection
backbone tree
laura
laura bush
laura smith
laura king
laura reached
laura allen
laura bosch
peters
peters stanley
peters editors
peters slav
peters editor
peters paul
peters peters
plant
plant part
plant parts
plant life
plant orig
plant worker
plant species
bunsetsu
bunsetsu based
bunsetsu boundaries
bunsetsu segments
bunsetsu phrase
bunsetsu phrases
bunsetsu unit
reaching
reaching agreement
reaching shared
reaching state
reaching accuracy
reaching consequences
reaching convergence
supply
supply information
supply additional
supply enough
supply missing
supply request
supply sufficient
xiao
xiao ling
xiao jiang
xiao long
xiao chen
xiao cheng
xiao yang
andrea
andrea stein
andrea alessandro
andrea held
andrea james
andrea stolcke
andrea andrea
hyponyms
hyponyms hypernyms
hyponyms synonyms
hyponyms hearst
hyponyms parts
hyponyms since
hyponyms using
lowed
lowed alternations
lowed among
lowed annotators
lowed depends
lowed directly
lowed previous
severe
severe problem
severe data
severe problems
severe limitation
severe restrictions
severe limitations
derives
derives relation
derives exactly
derives directly
derives indicators
derives part
derives features
prone
prone process
prone task
prone rules
prone especially
prone even
prone manual
decade
decade many
decade several
decade review
decade automatic
decade long
decade researchers
governor
governor dependent
governor labels
governor node
governor role
governor algorithm
governor label
imagine
imagine someone
imagine using
imagine trying
imagine cases
imagine different
imagine many
martinez
martinez david
martinez eneko
martinez ryan
martinez richard
martinez university
martinez bernardo
proofs
proofs using
proofs produced
proofs typically
proofs found
proofs given
proofs regarding
restricting
restricting logic
restricting pattern
restricting attention
restricting candidate
restricting information
restricting search
seemed
seemed like
seemed reasonable
seemed likely
seemed appropriate
seemed quite
seemed less
slav
slav petrov
slav also
detector
detector explorations
detector using
detector module
detector trained
detector orig
detector algorithm
equality
equality constraints
equality constraint
equality holds
equality relation
equality heuristic
equality condition
modifies
modifies another
modifies noun
modifies nothing
modifies part
modifies polarity
modifies common
oper
oper ations
oper ation
oper ates
oper ating
oper orig
oper ated
pare
pare different
pare results
pare performance
pare three
pare directly
pare four
suffers
suffers less
suffers much
suffers however
suffers many
suffers significantly
suffers even
believed
believed would
believed believes
believed events
believed captions
believed characteristics
believed china
interacting
interacting pairs
interacting protein
interacting proteins
interacting entities
interacting errors
interacting phenomena
jerry
jerry hobbs
jerry morgan
jerry wright
jerry feldman
jerry ball
jerry kaplan
repeatedly
repeatedly sampling
repeatedly applying
repeatedly used
repeatedly shown
repeatedly apply
repeatedly selects
tells
tells whether
tells approximately
tells another
tells house
tells nothing
tells reference
emails
emails sent
emails blogs
emails containing
emails weblogs
emails contain
emails received
pcfgs
pcfgs topic
pcfgs using
pcfgs induced
pcfgs johnson
pcfgs collins
pcfgs basic
approximations
approximations based
approximations made
approximations automatically
approximations like
approximations used
approximations although
dashed
dashed lines
dashed line
dashed arrows
dashed edges
dashed boxes
dashed edge
experimentation
experimentation showed
experimentation using
experimentation purposes
experimentation shows
experimentation corpus
experimentation process
ford
ford university
ford parser
ford dependencies
ford hall
ford motor
ford california
intel
intel core
intel corporation
intel labs
intel research
intel china
intel orig
paradigmatic
paradigmatic relations
paradigmatic relation
paradigmatic associations
paradigmatic information
paradigmatic morphology
paradigmatic rela
browsing
browsing taxonomies
browsing taxonomy
browsing type
browsing tasks
browsing large
browsing interface
grammatically
grammatically correct
grammatically incorrect
grammatically well
grammatically related
grammatically acceptable
grammatically complete
limiting
limiting factor
limiting case
limiting factors
limiting cases
limiting expressive
limiting phrase
priming
priming effects
priming effect
priming experiments
priming ratio
priming based
priming model
transliterated
transliterated word
transliterated words
transliterated names
transliterated foreign
transliterated term
transliterated arabic
concatenated
concatenated together
concatenated corpus
concatenated training
concatenated vector
concatenated documents
concatenated feature
economy
economy class
economy korea
economy science
economy business
economy education
economy affairs
surprisal
surprisal values
surprisal theory
surprisal estimates
surprisal model
surprisal based
surprisal effects
meyers
meyers joakim
meyers lluis
meyers editor
meyers adam
meyers ralph
meyers martha
ohta
ohta sampo
ohta robert
ohta sophia
ohta john
ohta makoto
ohta nigel
topological
topological fields
topological field
topological structure
topological order
topological sort
topological ordering
alpha
alpha beta
alpha numeric
alpha values
alpha coherence
alpha value
alpha figure
holder
holder extraction
holder identification
holder predicates
holder candidate
holder candidates
holder target
selective
selective sampling
selective sharing
selective adaptation
selective attention
selective chart
selective manual
slash
slash feature
slash categories
slash features
slash unit
slash types
slash easy
sumita
sumita nict
sumita national
sumita language
sumita multilingual
sumita advanced
sumita jian
sublanguage
sublanguage selectional
sublanguage analysis
sublanguage studies
sublanguage grammar
sublanguage description
sublanguage specific
ating
ating speech
ating natural
ating wordnet
ating referring
ating system
ating content
cated
cated information
cated methods
cated models
cated approaches
cated annotation
cated features
jane
jane morris
jane robinson
jane open
jane said
jane hunter
jane smith
organisation
organisation primary
organisation names
organisation name
organisation person
organisation organisation
organisation text
alshawi
alshawi editor
alshawi srinivas
alshawi bangalore
alshawi daniel
alshawi resolving
alshawi processing
alterna
alterna tive
alterna tives
alterna tions
alterna tively
alterna tion
alterna orig
conjuncts
conjuncts using
conjuncts must
conjuncts although
conjuncts cannot
conjuncts conj
conjuncts depend
dramatically
dramatically improve
dramatically reduced
dramatically improves
dramatically reduce
dramatically reduces
dramatically increases
lstm
lstm model
lstm unit
lstm layer
lstm units
lstm models
lstm architecture
tier
tier based
tier nodes
tier user
tier model
tier system
tier partition
verse
verse document
verse aligned
verse corpus
verse drug
verse order
verse structure
whats
whats wrong
whats great
whats going
whats mine
whats beyond
whats unique
genabith
genabith dublin
genabith josef
genabith andy
genabith national
genabith centre
genabith session
resp
resp answer
resp orig
resp system
resp user
resp across
resp agree
accommodate
accommodate different
accommodate multiple
accommodate lexical
accommodate many
accommodate additional
accommodate cases
discriminate
discriminate among
discriminate different
discriminate well
discriminate good
discriminate function
discriminate positive
sapporo
sapporo japan
sapporo july
sapporo kishore
sapporo pages
sapporo association
sapporo boston
argm
argm labels
argm roles
argm orig
argm role
argm annotation
argm label
journals
journals five
journals check
journals published
journals index
journals payment
journals books
talks
talks given
talks orig
talks reflected
talks presented
talks ever
talks quick
linkage
linkage graphs
linkage clustering
linkage method
linkage criteria
linkage information
linkage techniques
obama
obama obama
obama orig
obama president
obama united
obama born
obama helped
acyclic
acyclic graph
acyclic graphs
acyclic finite
acyclic backbone
acyclic directed
acyclic subgraph
degradation
degradation modeling
degradation model
degradation approach
degradation compared
degradation occurs
degradation using
erate
erate paraphrases
erate many
erate summaries
erate features
erate multiple
erate natural
interpreta
interpreta tion
interpreta tions
interpreta orig
interpreta tive
bush
bush held
bush bush
bush george
bush orig
bush bill
bush said
happened
happened assessing
happened next
happened since
happened without
happened number
happened today
imum
imum entropy
imum likelihood
imum number
imum error
imum length
imum spanning
woods
woods william
woods kaplan
woods treebank
woods bolt
woods editors
woods augmented
beat
beat google
beat john
beat frequency
beat gestures
beat gesture
beat baseline
dominates
dominates another
dominates node
dominates either
dominates except
dominates relation
dominates debate
intuitions
intuitions behind
intuitions underlying
intuitions concerning
intuitions described
intuitions using
intuitions would
cutting
cutting plane
cutting edge
cutting criteria
cutting board
cutting across
cutting doug
disjunctive
disjunctive feature
disjunctive node
disjunctive normal
disjunctive nodes
disjunctive logical
disjunctive constraint
drink
drink expensive
drink beer
drink coffee
drink wine
drink water
drink menu
extractions
extractions produced
extractions using
extractions made
extractions based
extractions compared
extractions extracted
harmonic
harmonic mean
harmonic functions
harmonic factor
harmonic function
harmonic means
harmonic average
restaurants
restaurants domain
restaurants dataset
restaurants near
restaurants name
restaurants nearby
restaurants team
tities
tities workshop
tities containing
tities like
tities mentioned
tities within
tities using
argues
argues knows
argues however
argues common
argues debates
argues following
argues strongly
differentiate
differentiate among
differentiate better
differentiate mwes
differentiate three
differentiate whether
differentiate good
emphasize
emphasize precision
emphasize different
emphasize tone
emphasize certain
emphasize however
emphasize important
squares
squares regression
squares represent
squares method
squares linear
squares error
squares indicate
adequately
adequately capture
adequately represent
adequately represented
adequately model
adequately describe
adequately described
eliminating
eliminating wait
eliminating many
eliminating redundant
eliminating spurious
eliminating terms
eliminating intra
erik
erik tjong
erik learned
erik maier
erik continued
erik david
erik department
pointer
pointer relation
pointer based
pointer indicates
pointer language
pointer list
pointer attribute
vietnamese
vietnamese language
vietnamese word
vietnamese text
vietnamese words
vietnamese named
vietnamese bilingual
violations
violations based
violations involving
violations line
violations within
violations along
violations although
wait
wait time
wait interval
wait longer
wait orig
wait action
wait staff
acceptability
acceptability judgments
acceptability constraints
acceptability measure
acceptability ratings
acceptability judgements
acceptability measures
conservative
conservative approach
conservative update
conservative estimate
conservative strategy
conservative nature
conservative political
evaluators
evaluators agreed
evaluators found
evaluators preferred
evaluators assess
evaluators answer
evaluators overall
geographic
geographic information
geographic names
geographic location
geographic locations
geographic area
geographic descriptions
individ
individ ually
individ orig
individ uation
individ uated
individ argument
individ individual
logically
logically equivalent
logically rich
logically possible
logically redundant
logically related
logically complex
plicit
plicit discourse
plicit semantic
plicit relations
plicit relation
plicit information
plicit arguments
proto
proto type
proto roles
proto typical
proto language
proto types
proto agent
snippet
snippet extraction
snippet pairs
snippet clustering
snippet level
snippet annotation
snippet answers
unsu
unsu pervised
unsu orig
unsu parse
unsu surprise
adjec
adjec tives
adjec tive
adjec orig
adjec adjec
adjec please
headlines
headlines images
headlines dataset
headlines headlines
headlines corpus
headlines provided
headlines data
hospital
hospital discharge
hospital medical
hospital information
hospital acquired
hospital boston
hospital patient
hypergraph
hypergraph partitioning
hypergraph search
hypergraph representation
hypergraph based
hypergraph reranking
hypergraph structure
invalid
invalid responses
invalid updates
invalid contexts
invalid ones
invalid spans
invalid relations
preposi
preposi tions
preposi tion
preposi tional
preposi orig
pyramid
pyramid method
pyramid scores
pyramid score
pyramid evaluation
pyramid parsing
pyramid scoring
solver
solver must
solver based
solver could
solver stacking
solver computes
solver used
themes
themes within
themes compiled
themes present
themes using
themes across
themes running
brooke
brooke cowan
brooke adam
brooke tong
brooke university
brooke department
brooke shen
siblings
siblings category
siblings candidate
siblings left
siblings model
siblings must
siblings paths
menu
menu based
menu item
menu driven
menu items
menu choices
menu selection
rics
rics based
rics using
rics precision
rics like
rics task
rics used
novelty
novelty detection
novelty mining
novelty track
novelty score
novelty mention
novelty bias
relied
relied upon
relied heavily
relied mainly
relied primarily
relied solely
relied exclusively
latest
latest version
latest release
latest results
latest work
latest issue
latest research
rayner
rayner beth
rayner editors
rayner david
rayner keith
rayner university
rayner john
attachments
attachments based
attachments within
attachments found
attachments made
attachments proposed
attachments ratnaparkhi
birth
birth year
birth date
birth place
birth years
birth death
birth control
copying
copying beyond
copying parallel
copying rules
copying operation
copying algorithm
copying approach
fisher
fisher kernel
fisher corpus
fisher kernels
fisher information
fisher exact
fisher dataset
libsvm
libsvm chang
libsvm package
libsvm orig
libsvm implementation
libsvm toolkit
libsvm library
trains
trains corpus
trains project
trains technical
trains spoken
trains annotation
trains system
commas
commas periods
commas inserted
commas indicating
commas tend
commas automatically
commas without
daughters
daughters scoring
daughters heads
daughters left
daughters indices
daughters list
daughters right
interspeech
interspeech pages
interspeech icslp
interspeech lisbon
interspeech brighton
interspeech portland
interspeech pittsburgh
klaus
klaus ries
klaus peter
klaus robert
klaus andrew
klaus madnani
klaus method
sponsored
sponsored conferences
sponsored publications
sponsored search
sponsored research
sponsored project
sponsored jointly
aiming
aiming beyond
aiming instead
aiming toward
calculates
calculates similarity
calculates precision
calculates similarities
calculates probabilities
calculates word
calculates cosine
graham
graham katz
graham russell
graham timothy
graham susan
graham graeme
graham bell
hier
hier orig
hier yesterday
hier feat
hier jean
hier model
hier prior
oflazer
oflazer carnegie
oflazer dependency
oflazer nirenburg
oflazer alice
oflazer computer
oflazer editors
portable
portable natural
portable across
portable realizer
portable algorithm
portable implementation
portable devices
pubmed
pubmed abstracts
pubmed central
pubmed scale
pubmed search
pubmed citations
pubmed medline
stability
stability classes
stability class
stability based
stability across
stability measure
stability selection
tracks
tracks respectively
tracks since
tracks whether
tracks using
tracks show
tracks namely
anti
anti repetition
anti collocations
anti spam
anti semitic
anti lexicon
anti collocation
blitzer
blitzer ryan
blitzer mark
blitzer john
blitzer dredze
blitzer mcdonald
blitzer phil
compile
compile time
compile replace
compile bilingual
compile grammars
compile large
compile regular
exemplified
exemplified using
exemplified among
exemplified earlier
exemplified figure
exemplified functions
exemplified given
indexes
indexes documents
indexes used
indexes using
indexes could
indexes cover
indexes created
mesh
mesh terms
mesh term
mesh medical
mesh based
mesh hierarchy
mesh thesaurus
oped
oped using
oped within
oped based
oped independently
oped models
oped specifically
phonemic
phonemic representation
phonemic transcription
phonemic representations
phonemic transcriptions
phonemic inventory
phonemic form
unconstrained
unconstrained system
unconstrained systems
unconstrained mode
unconstrained model
unconstrained speech
unconstrained natural
cutoff
cutoff point
cutoff value
cutoff threshold
cutoff points
cutoff frequency
cutoff thresholds
jour
jour orig
jour change
jour dune
jour normal
overt
overt subject
overt pronoun
overt arguments
overt pronouns
overt display
overt argument
singh
singh michael
singh diane
singh sebastian
singh university
singh indian
singh karl
anthony
anthony davis
anthony hong
anthony nguyen
anthony anderson
anthony cohn
anthony mccallum
cahill
cahill michael
cahill educational
cahill martin
cahill josef
cahill chris
cahill john
differing
differing numbers
differing degrees
differing levels
differing views
differing lengths
differing semantic
halliday
halliday michael
halliday hasan
halliday halliday
halliday centre
halliday system
halliday distinguishes
katrin
katrin sebastian
katrin robert
katrin andrea
katrin especially
katrin owen
tribute
tribute value
tribute values
tribute extraction
tribute selection
tribute learning
tribute positively
bers
bers indicate
bers dates
bers reported
bers using
bers confirms
bers contributes
dolan
dolan chris
dolan lisa
dolan microsoft
dolan bernardo
dolan william
dolan lucy
facilitates
facilitates automatic
facilitates comparison
facilitates better
facilitates learning
facilitates manual
facilitates access
keyboard
keyboard layout
keyboard input
keyboard based
keyboard dialogues
keyboard interaction
keyboard mouse
maintains
maintains high
maintains multiple
maintains three
maintains good
maintains many
maintains separate
father
father node
father mother
father child
father explained
father nodes
father agreement
ldoce
ldoce sense
ldoce codes
ldoce senses
ldoce verb
ldoce entry
ldoce definitions
lemmatized
lemmatized form
lemmatized using
lemmatized words
lemmatized version
lemmatized word
lemmatized forms
mihai
mihai surdeanu
mihai richard
mihai alex
mihai lluis
mihai suzuki
sage
sage publications
sage understanding
sage thousand
sage retrieval
sage polarity
sage model
stops
stops speaking
stops short
stops otherwise
stops decreasing
stops improving
stops increasing
universitat
universitat stuttgart
universitat berlin
universitat hamburg
universitat amsterdam
universitat potsdam
universitat karl
matters
matters pages
matters worse
matters little
matters somewhat
matters whether
matters even
tection
tection system
tection task
tection algorithm
tection method
tection methods
tection systems
brazil
brazil october
brazil november
brazil daniel
brazil mark
brazil pages
brazil carlos
composing
composing semantic
composing multiple
composing questions
composing meaning
composing words
composing simple
placing
placing search
placing words
placing boundaries
placing commas
placing constraints
placing every
deceptive
deceptive opinion
deceptive reviews
deceptive language
deceptive opinions
deceptive story
deceptive answer
enforce
enforce agreement
enforce consistency
enforce constraints
enforce transitivity
enforce global
enforce grammaticality
federal
federal university
federal ministry
federal government
federal republic
federal institute
federal court
intervention
intervention decision
intervention systems
intervention comparison
intervention extractor
intervention sessions
intervention strategies
paral
paral orig
paral opposite
paral sent
paral structure
police
police said
police station
police killed
police force
police agent
police inquiry
acronym
acronym definition
acronym generation
acronym expansion
acronym recognition
acronym disambiguation
acronym acquisition
approxi
approxi mate
approxi mation
approxi mated
approxi orig
approximated
approximated using
approximated probability
approximated parse
approximated probabilities
approximated function
approximated posterior
assertions
assertions made
assertions extracted
assertions like
assertions questions
assertions encoded
assertions given
diffi
diffi cult
diffi orig
diffi dence
diffi group
ferences
ferences among
ferences across
ferences based
ferences better
ferences come
ferences compared
diag
diag final
diag orig
diag grow
diag application
diag model
diag heuristic
failures
failures caused
failures goodman
failures occur
failures would
failures occurred
failures resulted
joel
joel tetreault
joel martin
joel lang
joel michael
joel chan
joel rada
kondrak
kondrak university
kondrak department
kondrak daniel
kondrak grzegorz
kondrak david
kondrak terry
resentations
resentations using
resentations without
resentations based
resentations derived
resentations including
resentations used
molecular
molecular biology
molecular event
molecular events
molecular function
molecular interaction
molecular functions
popularity
popularity score
popularity knowledge
popularity splits
popularity based
popularity split
popularity prior
poss
poss none
poss orig
poss possessive
poss post
poss pron
poss nsubj
reaction
reaction time
reaction times
reaction coding
reaction associated
reaction description
reaction information
distin
distin orig
distin perplexity
generators
generators based
generators knowledge
generators output
generators using
generators reiter
generators could
mpqa
mpqa corpus
mpqa lexicon
mpqa subjectivity
mpqa opinion
mpqa data
mpqa wilson
rights
rights reserved
rights information
rights record
rights group
rights informa
rights stance
saarland
saarland university
saarland germany
saarland univer
saarland computational
saarland lauri
saarland workshop
anchored
anchored pattern
anchored rule
anchored rules
anchored term
anchored learning
anchored phrase
causative
causative verbs
causative verb
causative constructions
causative alternation
causative forms
causative form
chambers
chambers mihai
chambers daniel
chambers ellen
chambers george
chambers jurafsky
chambers united
gradually
gradually increasing
gradually backing
gradually increase
gradually increased
gradually increases
gradually become
marization
marization system
marization systems
marization pages
marization using
marization based
marization evaluation
pulman
pulman stephen
pulman university
pulman unification
pulman oxford
pulman alan
pulman bidirectional
recommendation
recommendation system
recommendation systems
recommendation algorithms
recommendation using
recommendation based
recommendation task
semitic
semitic languages
semitic language
semitic morphology
semitic roots
semitic stem
semitic morphological
simone
simone teufel
simone paolo
simone ponzetto
simone said
simone jean
simone workshop
strapparava
strapparava carlo
strapparava michael
strapparava modeling
strapparava kernel
strapparava rada
strapparava session
aggregated
aggregated across
aggregated results
aggregated score
aggregated sentence
aggregated word
aggregated scores
becoming
becoming increasingly
becoming available
becoming popular
becoming part
becoming avail
becoming clear
operational
operational factors
operational system
operational definition
operational semantics
operational language
operational text
royal
royal statistical
royal society
royal institute
royal netherlands
royal family
royal statistics
hindle
hindle donald
hindle robert
hindle rooth
hindle julia
hindle cosine
hindle fernando
math
math word
math expression
math sciences
math problem
math computer
math expressions
pect
pect terms
pect term
pect category
pect categories
pect based
pect extraction
adopting
adopting different
adopting semantic
adopting predicting
adopting self
adopting standard
adopting strategies
blood
blood pressure
blood cells
blood cell
blood product
blood component
blood culture
conditioning
conditioning information
conditioning context
conditioning events
conditioning variables
conditioning event
conditioning contexts
poten
poten tial
poten tially
poten orig
prompts
prompts used
prompts users
prompts also
prompts include
prompts presented
prompts repetitions
tice
tice hall
tice however
tice corresponds
tice parser
tice using
tice based
behavioral
behavioral sciences
behavioral data
behavioral research
behavioral science
behavioral states
behavioral features
keith
keith hall
keith rayner
keith brown
keith miller
keith johnson
keith allan
reordered
reordered source
reordered sentence
reordered sentences
reordered training
reordered according
reordered data
taxonomies
taxonomies using
taxonomies like
taxonomies based
taxonomies extracted
taxonomies derived
taxonomies constructed
kurohashi
kurohashi kyoto
kurohashi graduate
kurohashi university
kurohashi nagao
kurohashi makoto
kurohashi chair
vant
vant information
vant documents
vant features
vant document
vant parts
vant sentences
wesley
wesley reading
wesley publishing
wesley longman
wesley cambridge
wesley boston
wesley london
automatique
automatique pour
automatique universite
automatique systran
automatique automatic
automatique dans
automatique dune
commission
commission joint
commission council
commission meaning
commission project
commission within
commission cannot
diacritics
diacritics based
diacritics cluster
diacritics including
diacritics character
diacritics helps
diacritics replacement
necessity
necessity attribute
necessity operator
necessity reading
necessity capacity
necessity modality
necessity nega
weeks
weeks work
weeks time
weeks months
weeks later
weeks using
weeks days
childrens
childrens hospital
childrens speech
childrens language
childrens stories
childrens data
childrens story
claimed
claimed knowledge
claimed identity
claimed advantages
claimed differences
claimed earlier
claimed elsewhere
enhancing
enhancing chinese
enhancing unlexicalized
enhancing performance
enhancing text
enhancing supervised
enhancing language
recognizes
recognizes three
recognizes words
recognizes exactly
recognizes four
recognizes named
recognizes strings
spect
spect orig
spect based
spect crfs
spect expressed
spect forms
spect individual
felt
felt eric
felt like
felt good
felt would
felt necessary
felt really
deemter
deemter university
deemter computational
deemter editors
deemter krahmer
deemter albert
deemter generating
station
station name
station austin
station names
station texas
station orig
station square
tributes
tributes used
tributes extracted
tributes significantly
tributes based
tributes whose
tributes alone
vocabularies
vocabularies used
vocabularies respectively
vocabularies using
vocabularies also
vocabularies abstract
vocabularies assign
attitudes
attitudes towards
attitudes toward
attitudes expressed
attitudes like
attitudes among
attitudes linguistics
girju
girju university
girju preslav
girju paul
girju richard
girju department
girju gregory
highlights
highlights important
highlights another
highlights several
highlights certain
highlights generation
highlights many
jensen
jensen shannon
jensen karen
jensen semantics
jensen george
jensen risk
jensen john
processors
processors running
processors containing
processors available
processors could
processors figure
processors apply
slower
slower rate
slower convergence
slower decoding
slower reading
slower speed
slower compared
breaking
breaking ties
breaking news
breaking papers
breaking event
breaking construction
breaking process
comprise
comprise several
comprise three
comprise many
comprise multiple
comprise approximately
comprise different
conjunctive
conjunctive structures
conjunctive node
conjunctive nodes
conjunctive features
conjunctive normal
conjunctive feature
lution
lution using
lution system
lution algorithm
lution tree
lution kernels
lution systems
massive
massive amounts
massive open
massive data
massive amount
massive semantic
massive ambiguity
town
town hall
town info
town orig
town city
town names
town south
dbpedia
dbpedia ontology
dbpedia japanese
dbpedia dataset
dbpedia freebase
dbpedia knowledge
dbpedia entities
explores
explores whether
explores different
explores using
explores methods
explores several
explores novel
cussed
cussed earlier
cussed later
cussed previously
cussed along
cussed issues
cussed multiple
headline
headline generation
headline news
headline sentiment
headline words
headline length
headline emotion
industrial
industrial research
industrial applications
industrial perspectives
industrial average
industrial science
industrial engineering
carries
carries information
carries many
carries much
carries tense
carries additional
carries important
cles
cles applications
cles based
cles determiners
cles often
cles published
cles written
cowan
cowan wade
cowan chris
cowan brooke
cowan massachusetts
cowan shen
cowan beesley
discriminating
discriminating metonymy
discriminating power
discriminating similar
discriminating features
discriminating among
discriminating gender
entre
entre deux
entre documents
entre frames
entre mots
entre framenet
entre parentheses
investigations
investigations logical
investigations show
investigations showed
investigations suggest
investigations along
investigations involving
modelled
modelled using
modelled within
modelled predictions
modelled separately
modelled independently
modelled easily
thats
thats right
thats good
thats great
thats true
thats nice
thats fine
assump
assump tion
assump tions
assump orig
gordon
gordon grosz
gordon peter
gordon university
gordon brown
gordon jerry
gordon rebecca
pref
pref erence
pref erences
pref orig
pref animate
pref always
pref left
coda
coda position
coda consonants
coda onset
coda corpus
coda grammar
coda orig
drugs
drugs genes
drugs forum
drugs effect
drugs orig
drugs brand
drugs chemical
friday
friday june
friday july
friday august
friday september
friday october
friday morning
monitoring
monitoring system
monitoring tools
monitoring accuracy
monitoring process
monitoring systems
monitoring users
rameter
rameter estimation
rameter values
rameter settings
rameter tuning
rameter space
rameter setting
brazilian
brazilian portuguese
brazilian symposium
brazilian computer
brazilian newspaper
brazilian meeting
brazilian research
controlling
controlling content
controlling redundancy
controlling search
controlling attentional
controlling lexical
controlling subject
researcher
researcher interests
researcher could
researcher award
researcher leave
researcher would
researcher interested
sarcasm
sarcasm detection
sarcasm irony
sarcasm hashtag
sarcasm corpus
sarcasm recognition
sarcasm data
stay
stay within
stay close
stay away
stay constant
stay home
stay together
checker
checker based
checker dictionary
checker using
checker would
checker component
checker module
cold
cold start
cold winter
cold temperature
cold cold
cold days
cold front
dredze
dredze john
dredze paul
dredze johns
dredze benjamin
dredze human
dredze mark
helmut
helmut schmid
helmut schneider
helmut berger
helmut michael
masters
masters thesis
masters degree
masters program
masters project
masters students
masters dissertation
spam
spam filtering
spam detection
spam corpus
spam dataset
spam messages
spam filter
suspect
suspect root
suspect however
suspect think
suspect abbreviated
suspect abbreviations
suspect anything
antonyms
antonyms hypernyms
antonyms high
antonyms occur
antonyms synonyms
antonyms among
antonyms found
bringing
bringing order
bringing together
bringing engineering
bringing psycholinguistics
bringing computational
bringing speech
cnrs
cnrs france
cnrs limsi
cnrs paris
cnrs toulouse
cnrs univ
cnrs orig
cooper
cooper storage
cooper ative
cooper robin
cooper ation
cooper forthcoming
cooper university
guessing
guessing rules
guessing rule
guessing heuristics
guessing morphology
guessing game
guessing induced
informational
informational relations
informational content
informational structure
informational status
informational level
informational queries
maintenance
maintenance manuals
maintenance system
maintenance costs
maintenance instructions
maintenance problems
maintenance procedures
marsi
marsi hans
marsi krahmer
marsi norwegian
marsi tilburg
marsi jens
marsi paul
virtually
virtually impossible
virtually every
virtually identical
virtually always
virtually unchanged
virtually equal
algebra
algebra word
algebra expression
algebra system
algebra allows
algebra course
algebra expressions
competence
competence based
competence grammar
competence performance
competence model
competence grammars
competence center
cont
cont orig
cont form
cont ment
cont conf
cont cont
cont content
draws
draws conclusions
draws attention
draws upon
draws heavily
draws primarily
draws samples
inconsistencies
inconsistencies among
inconsistencies could
inconsistencies across
inconsistencies using
inconsistencies within
inconsistencies introduced
instantiations
instantiations sara
instantiations serve
instantiations common
instantiations depending
instantiations found
instantiations including
politics
politics sports
politics domain
politics economy
politics finance
politics dataset
politics topic
facilities
facilities provided
facilities available
facilities offered
facilities expert
facilities could
facilities question
touch
touch screen
touch tone
touch upon
touch input
touch sensitive
touch regulation
characterizing
characterizing structural
characterizing mildly
characterizing indirect
characterizing text
characterizing word
characterizing debate
nets
nets machine
nets also
nets neural
nets using
nets average
nets exhibit
quan
quan tity
quan tification
quan tified
quan tify
quan tities
quan wang
banks
banks building
banks available
banks annual
banks domain
banks include
banks like
carrying
carrying words
carrying word
carrying different
carrying people
carrying information
carrying case
cornell
cornell university
cornell univer
cornell movie
cornell lars
cornell phonetics
cornell univ
diane
diane litman
diane strong
diane cook
diane allen
diane clark
diane hirschberg
nltk
nltk bird
nltk toolkit
nltk package
nltk provides
nltk tokenizer
nltk library
plication
plication domain
plication domains
plication system
plication phase
plication field
plication rules
dependen
dependen cies
dependen orig
dependen relation
hashtag
hashtag sentiment
hashtag lexicon
hashtag patterns
hashtag topics
hashtag based
hashtag count
monz
monz matt
monz pavel
monz university
monz editors
monz christof
monz philip
nique
nique used
nique based
nique described
nique called
nique could
nique known
waibel
waibel language
waibel alex
waibel alexandre
waibel carnegie
waibel ahmed
waibel institute
cities
cities countries
cities states
cities like
cities named
cities across
cities along
harry
harry bunt
harry gross
harry somers
harry believed
harry road
harry found
quires
quires knowledge
quires less
quires training
quires substantial
quires additional
quires large
suntec
suntec singapore
suntec city
analysing
analysing weblogs
analysing large
analysing texts
analysing language
analysing lexical
analysing temporal
carpenter
carpenter alias
carpenter robert
carpenter vector
carpenter carnegie
carpenter wood
carpenter carl
cially
cially important
cially useful
cially designed
cially true
cially generated
cially difficult
hierar
hierar orig
hierar pairwise
pothesis
pothesis alignment
pothesis space
pothesis selection
pothesis testing
pothesis based
pothesis harris
pronunciations
pronunciations using
pronunciations depending
pronunciations given
pronunciations according
pronunciations accounted
pronunciations already
purity
purity entropy
purity inverse
purity measures
purity collocation
purity orig
purity score
questionnaire
questionnaire data
questionnaire items
questionnaire pairs
questionnaire based
questionnaire containing
questionnaire including
acronyms
acronyms abbreviations
acronyms using
acronyms like
acronyms tend
acronyms used
acronyms without
guarantees
guarantees convergence
guarantees linear
guarantees better
guarantees exact
guarantees finding
guarantees good
recordings
recordings made
recordings using
recordings took
recordings brian
recordings consist
recordings gabriel
summariza
summariza tion
summariza orig
summariza tions
weaker
weaker constraints
weaker results
weaker form
weaker assumption
weaker ones
weaker version
ages
ages ranging
ages based
ages maximum
ages obtained
ages ranged
ages returned
blackwell
blackwell oxford
blackwell publishers
blackwell publishing
blackwell cambridge
blackwell london
blackwell scientific
bunescu
bunescu harry
bunescu raymond
bunescu ohio
bunescu university
bunescu department
bunescu school
manipulation
manipulation actions
manipulation action
manipulation language
manipulation interface
manipulation operations
manipulation methods
nirenburg
nirenburg stephen
nirenburg editor
nirenburg university
nirenburg carnegie
nirenburg editors
nirenburg jaime
nsubj
nsubj dobj
nsubj prep
nsubj nominal
nsubj orig
nsubj customer
nsubj nsubj
periment
periment results
periment using
periment described
periment reported
periment shows
periment demonstrate
pomdp
pomdp based
pomdp framework
pomdp dialogue
pomdp model
pomdp policy
pomdp approach
uszkoreit
uszkoreit editors
uszkoreit hans
uszkoreit annie
uszkoreit dfki
uszkoreit fernando
uszkoreit university
western
western ontario
western languages
western english
western australia
western names
western european
ccgbank
ccgbank hockenmaier
ccgbank section
ccgbank corpus
ccgbank dependencies
ccgbank manual
ccgbank categories
eneko
eneko agirre
eneko david
eneko lluis
eneko timothy
eneko calzolari
eneko german
causing
causing event
causing problems
causing symptoms
causing another
causing spurious
causing agent
computations
computations linguistics
computations involving
computations pages
computations using
computations based
computations needed
decides
decides whether
decides based
decides upon
decides among
decides depth
decides given
dimen
dimen sions
dimen sion
dimen orig
dimen tional
scriptions
scriptions tree
scriptions using
scriptions generated
scriptions include
scriptions produced
scriptions benefit
suzuki
suzuki microsoft
suzuki kristina
suzuki erik
suzuki chris
suzuki stan
suzuki mary
underlined
underlined words
underlined word
underlined phrases
underlined parts
underlined sentence
underlined text
exceeds
exceeds threshold
exceeds certain
exceeds baseline
exceeds lafferty
exceeds manually
exceeds mccallum
facial
facial expressions
facial displays
facial expression
facial action
facial expres
facial features
guidance
guidance system
guidance provided
guidance throughout
guidance based
guidance domain
guidance concerning
minute
minute long
minute hour
minute intervals
minute oral
minute presentations
minute time
biases
biases towards
biases introduced
biases toward
biases among
biases allowed
biases many
directory
directory assistance
directory project
directory containing
directory entry
directory structure
directory service
edmonton
edmonton canada
edmonton alberta
edmonton narrative
edmonton abstract
edmonton continuing
edmonton copyright
manfred
manfred stede
manfred rapp
manfred worked
marti
marti hearst
marti lluis
marti university
marti james
marti reports
marti also
payment
payment section
payment method
payment international
payment optional
payment choices
payment circle
mais
mais dans
mais nous
mais dont
mais george
mais plus
mais popular
stituents
stituents rather
stituents including
stituents headed
stituents must
stituents using
stituents exist
closing
closing remarks
closing session
closing brackets
closing bracket
closing parentheses
closing punctuation
demands
demands made
demands placed
demands imposed
demands reference
demands accurate
demands although
freedom
freedom assumptions
freedom works
freedom allowed
freedom scientific
freedom among
freedom degree
joined
joined together
joined feature
joined features
joined using
joined label
joined microsoft
stud
stud orig
stud health
stud linguistics
stud semantic
stud study
stud ying
unlabelled
unlabelled data
unlabelled corpus
unlabelled attachment
unlabelled corpora
unlabelled document
unlabelled text
geographical
geographical information
geographical names
geographical location
geographical locations
geographical area
geographical entities
trie
trie based
trie node
trie data
trie structure
trie nodes
trie representation
elra
elra european
elra editor
elra newsletter
elra dictionary
elra paris
elra http
museum
museum objects
museum data
museum reason
museum domain
museum documentation
museum guide
peak
peak performance
peak around
peak value
peak memory
peak accuracy
peak coda
timing
timing information
timing results
timing features
timing experiments
timing tier
timing data
traces
traces back
traces empty
traces component
traces example
traces null
traces within
combo
combo orig
combo system
combo model
combo contrast
combo boxes
combo combo
consis
consis tent
consis orig
consis across
consis system
consis tence
consis ting
continuation
continuation classes
continuation class
continuation dependencies
continuation rise
continuation follow
continuation relations
origi
origi nally
origi orig
origi nate
predominant
predominant sense
predominant senses
predominant word
predominant class
predominant approach
predominant language
rosenfeld
rosenfeld stanley
rosenfeld model
rosenfeld ronald
rosenfeld andreas
rosenfeld editors
rosenfeld adaptive
tails
tails http
tails regarding
tails please
tails budget
tails computing
tails gildea
accounting
accounting information
accounting policies
accounting bigrams
accounting standards
accounting system
accounting infor
actors
actors involved
actors english
actors people
actors need
actors performance
actors within
allan
allan collins
allan editor
allan jaime
allan third
allan victor
allan james
satoshi
satoshi sekine
satoshi kenji
satoshi francis
satoshi isahara
satoshi john
satoshi kentaro
inst
inst inst
inst passive
inst compound
inst features
inst lemma
inst active
qualia
qualia structure
qualia structures
qualia roles
qualia elements
qualia role
qualia struc
symptoms
symptoms related
symptoms signs
symptoms treatment
symptoms develop
symptoms diagnosis
symptoms disease
motivate
motivate future
motivate researchers
motivate students
motivate research
motivate several
motivate work
ritter
ritter colin
ritter sara
ritter preslav
ritter stephen
ritter university
ritter alan
beta
beta distribution
beta binomial
beta reduction
beta prior
beta version
beta model
flag
flag indicating
flag diacritics
flag ging
flag whether
flag would
flag false
kudo
kudo yuji
kudo google
kudo hiroshi
kudo http
kudo kudo
kudo organizers
military
military domain
military action
military forces
military unit
military service
military actions
mohri
mohri fernando
mohri pereira
mohri transducers
mohri michael
mohri finite
mohri richard
plate
plate diagram
plate notation
plate approach
plate glass
plate based
plate extraction
structions
structions like
structions including
structions used
structions simple
structions without
structions based
thresh
thresh orig
thresh hold
thresh dist
thresh experiment
thresh method
thresh returning
ponent
ponent words
ponent analysis
ponent also
ponent models
ponent based
ponent must
reranker
reranker using
reranker best
reranker trained
reranker uses
reranker features
reranker model
translational
translational equivalence
translational modifications
translational equivalents
translational equiv
translational correspondence
translational correspondences
buchholz
buchholz sabine
buchholz marsi
buchholz xavier
buchholz paul
buchholz reports
buchholz tilburg
font
font size
font style
font styles
font encoding
font data
font indicates
lish
lish language
lish words
lish chinese
lish translation
lish sentences
lish side
offset
offset interaction
offset information
offset list
offset method
offset probabilities
offset source
older
older adults
older users
older people
older version
older children
older group
hinton
hinton alex
hinton simon
hinton diagram
hinton cambridge
hinton university
hinton acoustic
movies
movies books
movies music
movies based
movies dataset
movies domain
movies essay
minimally
minimally supervised
minimally sufficient
minimally different
minimally distinguishing
minimally super
minimally specified
dean
dean foster
dean forbes
dean jeffrey
dean told
dean advanced
dean bell
demonstrating
demonstrating agent
demonstrating high
demonstrating improved
demonstrating initiative
demonstrating superior
demonstrating techniques
emerging
emerging field
emerging technologies
emerging text
emerging entities
emerging topic
emerging trends
representational
representational power
representational issues
representational framework
representational scheme
representational units
representational level
scaled
scaled disagreement
scaled total
scaled version
scaled according
scaled back
scaled model
canadian
canadian society
canadian bank
canadian conference
canadian dollars
canadian journal
canadian government
ponents
ponents analysis
ponents whereas
ponents annotation
ponents break
ponents could
ponents developed
rwth
rwth aachen
rwth combo
rwth system
rwth rwth
rwth phrase
rwth uedin
visited
visited paris
visited nodes
visited every
visited pages
visited cities
visited china
belgium
belgium august
belgium roser
belgium walter
belgium abstract
belgium ivan
belgium july
conjoined
conjoined phrases
conjoined clauses
conjoined adjectives
conjoined noun
conjoined sentence
conjoined phrase
multiplication
multiplication operation
multiplication algorithms
multiplication mitchell
multiplication operator
multiplication division
multiplication factor
turning
turning point
turning points
turning left
turning away
turning right
turning predominant
yoav
yoav goldberg
yoav gold
yoav department
authority
authority score
authority claims
authority scores
authority file
authority claim
authority files
dragomir
dragomir radev
dragomir timothy
dragomir also
dragomir john
dragomir please
dragomir simone
engineer
engineer orig
engineer efficient
engineer features
engineer might
engineer could
engineer applied
loves
loves mary
loves john
loves every
loves everyone
loves bill
loves orig
ponzetto
ponzetto massimo
ponzetto simone
ponzetto strube
ponzetto university
ponzetto babelnet
ponzetto department
finish
finish video
finish learning
finish reading
finish writing
finish competition
finish line
kingdom
kingdom july
kingdom abstract
kingdom james
kingdom canada
kingdom mark
kingdom thorsten
stemmed
stemmed words
stemmed using
stemmed word
stemmed form
stemmed version
stemmed terms
combinatorial
combinatorial explosion
combinatorial optimization
combinatorial problems
combinatorial dictionary
combinatorial properties
combinatorial problem
dang
dang bernardo
dang information
dang nist
dang palmer
dang national
dang university
gross
gross university
gross gross
gross national
gross simplification
gross universite
gross accuracy
hyponymy
hyponymy relation
hyponymy relations
hyponymy hypernymy
hyponymy synonymy
hyponymy hierarchy
hyponymy rela
quire
quire large
quire less
quire different
quire additional
quire training
quire knowledge
direc
direc tion
direc tions
direc tional
direc tive
direc tory
direc orig
disagreements
disagreements among
disagreements across
disagreements occurred
disagreements thus
disagreements resulting
disagreements according
hieu
hieu hoang
hieu nguyen
hieu tran
hieu birch
hieu alexandra
hieu philipp
intensional
intensional logic
intensional adjectives
intensional summaries
intensional contexts
intensional verbs
intensional semantics
modest
modest improvement
modest amount
modest improvements
modest gains
modest increase
modest number
night
night time
night away
night morning
night orig
night football
night figure
schapire
schapire robert
schapire singer
schapire yoav
schapire yoram
schapire james
schapire marie
weston
weston stephen
weston based
weston collobert
weston david
weston editors
weston google
brighton
brighton brighton
brighton september
brighton university
brighton england
brighton united
brighton lexical
demonstrative
demonstrative pronouns
demonstrative pronoun
demonstrative noun
demonstrative anaphors
demonstrative determiner
demonstrative determiners
guments
guments correctly
guments whereas
guments become
guments consists
guments containing
guments given
mountain
mountain view
mountain avenue
mountain names
mountain ranges
mountain range
mountain college
websites
websites like
websites using
websites provide
websites containing
websites including
websites related
workflow
workflow type
workflow engine
workflow management
workflow construction
workflow manager
workflow system
newspapers
newspapers novels
newspapers articles
newspapers books
newspapers published
newspapers texts
newspapers news
polarities
polarities positive
polarities based
polarities exploration
polarities using
polarities assigned
polarities obtained
speculative
speculative words
speculative language
speculative sentences
speculative context
speculative cues
speculative keywords
belz
belz eric
belz university
belz albert
belz validity
belz michael
belz mike
clir
clir system
clir systems
clir performance
clir experiments
clir task
clir results
ignores
ignores word
ignores many
ignores punctuation
ignores syntactic
ignores case
ignores much
ited
ited number
ited amount
ited data
ited domain
ited training
ited domains
poetry
poetry generation
poetry generators
poetry dataset
poetry analysis
poetry corpus
poetry datasets
prepo
prepo sition
prepo sitions
prepo orig
summarisation
summarisation systems
summarisation system
summarisation process
summarisation task
summarisation techniques
summarisation tasks
bulletin
bulletin review
bulletin board
bulletin volume
bulletin french
bulletin international
bulletin pages
quote
quote response
quote attribution
quote marks
quote selection
quote character
quote extraction
sinica
sinica corpus
sinica treebank
sinica taiwan
sinica taipei
sinica balanced
sinica tree
tiedemann
tiedemann uppsala
tiedemann christoph
tiedemann university
tiedemann christian
tiedemann department
tiedemann markus
conflicts
conflicts arise
conflicts among
conflicts occur
conflicts using
conflicts found
conflicts must
exten
exten sion
exten sions
exten sive
exten sible
exten orig
exten ding
holland
holland amsterdam
holland publishing
holland jonathan
holland linguistic
holland academic
holland press
killed
killed mary
killed john
killed kennedy
killed three
killed conflict
killed immediately
monte
monte carlo
monte george
monte editors
monte lexical
monte research
monte technical
simulations
simulations described
simulations using
simulations also
simulations based
simulations show
simulations suggest
maries
maries using
maries generated
maries produced
maries based
maries could
maries rather
neighbours
neighbours approach
neighbours according
neighbours help
neighbours figure
neighbours gives
neighbours naive
schedule
schedule information
schedule management
schedule would
schedule another
schedule session
schedule system
terry
terry models
terry alexander
terry russell
terry loves
terry really
terry tony
veloped
veloped using
veloped within
veloped based
veloped specifically
veloped independently
veloped recently
contextually
contextually appropriate
contextually similar
contextually relevant
contextually dependent
contextually bound
contextually salient
convolutional
convolutional neural
convolutional layer
convolutional codes
convolutional layers
convolutional network
convolutional sentence
lacks
lacks many
lacks capitalization
lacks necessary
lacks sufficient
lacks coverage
lacks explicit
jens
jens nilsson
jens erik
jens m¨uller
jens stephan
jens johan
jens nivre
supertags
supertags almost
supertags bangalore
supertags improve
supertags assigned
supertags associated
supertags provide
videos
videos using
videos generated
videos based
videos show
videos would
videos involving
distractors
distractors selection
distractors generated
distractors using
distractors mcdonald
distractors present
distractors selected
stacking
stacking based
stacking dependency
stacking approach
stacking model
stacking method
stacking features
trevor
trevor cohn
trevor cohen
trevor martin
trevor benjamin
trevor chris
trevor phil
vossen
vossen editor
vossen editors
vossen laura
vossen michael
vossen adam
vossen marilyn
animals
animals including
animals human
animals like
animals orig
animals play
animals show
duplicate
duplicate detection
duplicate words
duplicate removal
duplicate documents
duplicate entries
duplicate sentences
formedness
formedness conditions
formedness constraints
formedness condition
formedness rules
formedness constraint
formedness jensen
implication
implication signature
implication rules
implication signatures
implication operator
implication holds
implication constraint
localization
localization event
localization events
localization project
localization binding
localization industry
localization process
peoples
peoples daily
peoples names
peoples republic
peoples opinions
peoples name
peoples behavior
serial
serial verb
serial dependencies
serial order
serial number
serial combination
serial verbs
graded
graded word
graded constraints
graded sense
graded senses
graded scale
graded notion
judgement
judgement task
judgement experiment
judgement dataset
judgement score
judgement scores
judgement calls
prac
prac tice
prac tical
prac tically
prac orig
prac tics
sara
sara evans
sara schwartz
sara figure
sara took
sara caused
sara christian
acknowledgement
acknowledgement thanks
acknowledgement research
acknowledgement tokens
acknowledgement references
acknowledgement discussions
acknowledgement part
lion
lion words
lion tokens
lion sentences
lion word
lion tweets
lion sentence
mailing
mailing costs
mailing list
mailing address
mailing lists
mailing calculate
mailing payment
paolo
paolo ponzetto
paolo brazil
paolo maria
paolo loves
paolo marco
paolo michael
standardized
standardized tests
standardized format
standardized data
standardized evaluation
standardized form
standardized test
tural
tural information
tural translation
tural features
tural constraints
tural heritage
tural ambiguity
anger
anger fear
anger surprise
anger terms
anger words
anger anger
anger detection
ceaf
ceaf orig
ceaf scores
ceaf metrics
ceaf precision
ceaf algorithm
ceaf metric
cikm
cikm pages
cikm workshop
cikm conference
cikm cikm
cikm october
cikm proceedings
exemplar
exemplar based
exemplar theoretic
exemplar terms
exemplar sentences
exemplar story
exemplar theory
scalar
scalar product
scalar value
scalar adjectives
scalar values
scalar modality
scalar parameter
secretary
secretary general
secretary office
secretary orig
secretary addresses
secretary john
secretary editorial
yeah
yeah utterances
yeah yeah
yeah right
yeah okay
yeah thats
yeah utter
addison
addison wesley
addison avenue
addison cambridge
addison woods
hands
hands free
hands meeting
hands creating
hands head
hands eyes
hands move
mediated
mediated communication
mediated language
mediated interactions
mediated priming
mediated entities
mediated interactive
asymmetric
asymmetric alignment
asymmetric relation
asymmetric relations
asymmetric measures
asymmetric default
asymmetric similarity
decades
decades later
decades researchers
decades many
decades since
decades computational
decades several
exclusive
exclusive categories
exclusive words
exclusive disjunction
exclusive rules
exclusive alternatives
exclusive classes
intonational
intonational phrase
intonational phrases
intonational features
intonational boundaries
intonational prominence
intonational phrasing
returning
returning answers
returning home
returning either
returning back
returning control
returning documents
tokenizer
tokenizer tagger
tokenizer output
tokenizer part
tokenizer provided
tokenizer klein
tokenizer module
accompanied
accompanied motion
accompanied resources
accompanied obtained
accompanied affected
accompanied description
accompanied descriptions
conversa
conversa tion
conversa tional
conversa tions
conversa orig
conversa tionally
eling
eling toolkit
eling approach
eling approaches
eling framework
eling initiative
eling language
responds
responds directly
responds well
responds appropriately
responds quickly
responds approximately
responds correctly
irregular
irregular forms
irregular verbs
irregular verb
irregular words
irregular form
irregular morphology
negotiation
negotiation dialogue
negotiation dialogues
negotiation process
negotiation phase
negotiation policies
negotiation scenario
palo
palo alto
stimuli
stimuli used
stimuli consisted
stimuli represented
stimuli steven
stimuli contain
stimuli employed
tang
tang poetry
tang long
tang bing
tang stephen
tang ming
tang hang
tempo
tempo orig
tempo real
tempo time
tempo como
tempo global
tempo local
vapnik
vapnik vladimir
vapnik steven
vapnik received
vapnik suppose
vapnik vapnik
crucially
crucially depends
crucially relies
crucially important
crucially depend
crucially however
crucially dependent
heritage
heritage social
heritage data
heritage domain
heritage dictionary
heritage workshop
heritage digital
jaccard
jaccard index
jaccard similarity
jaccard coefficient
jaccard measure
jaccard distance
jaccard dice
boguraev
boguraev briscoe
boguraev university
boguraev editors
boguraev cambridge
boguraev anaphora
boguraev apple
compiling
compiling volume
compiling bilingual
compiling typed
compiling hpsg
compiling rules
compiling comp
denmark
denmark august
denmark september
denmark pages
denmark university
denmark denmark
denmark europe
provements
provements across
provements using
provements could
provements might
provements obtained
provements range
regards
regards data
regards efficiency
regards future
regards lexical
regards sentence
regards application
resented
resented using
resented explicitly
resented differently
resented hypernym
resented instances
resented within
sociated
sociated word
sociated words
sociated weight
sociated frequency
sociated probabilities
sociated features
bipartite
bipartite graph
bipartite matching
bipartite graphs
bipartite spectral
bipartite network
bipartite clustering
confused
confused words
confused word
confused character
confused supervised
confused pair
confused pairs
adults
adults speech
adults using
adults grammar
adults language
adults output
adults speakers
brew
brew ohio
brew claudia
brew chris
brew systemic
brew verb
brew department
bucket
bucket size
bucket contents
bucket factor
bucket features
bucket orig
bucket sizes
clarify
clarify extent
clarify whether
clarify concept
clarify condition
clarify question
clarify reject
croatian
croatian serbian
croatian language
croatian dependency
croatian english
croatian morphological
croatian wordnet
governing
governing verb
governing category
governing word
governing predicate
governing node
governing head
neces
neces sary
neces sity
neces orig
neces revisions
partner
partner communication
partner model
partner could
partner sensitive
partner ship
partner speech
worker
worker agreement
worker would
worker pool
worker performance
worker quality
worker agree
amongst
amongst others
amongst many
amongst different
amongst terms
amongst researchers
amongst human
dress
dress code
dress however
dress concerns
dress similar
dress size
dress components
positively
positively correlated
positively classified
positively labeled
positively oriented
positively associated
positively related
surveys
surveys related
surveys generated
surveys previous
surveys prior
surveys research
surveys several
wrongly
wrongly classified
wrongly predicted
wrongly tagged
wrongly identified
wrongly recognized
wrongly translated
archive
archive http
archive data
archive contains
archive contained
archive corpus
archive search
calzolari
calzolari conference
calzolari martin
calzolari charles
calzolari chair
calzolari institute
calzolari university
euro
euro wordnet
euro news
euro orig
euro matrix
euro part
euro gigaword
mixing
mixing weights
mixing multiple
mixing parameter
mixing proportions
mixing time
mixing syntactic
reductions
reductions compared
reductions achieved
reductions found
reductions ranging
reductions could
reductions deletions
structurally
structurally similar
structurally different
structurally ambiguous
structurally complex
structurally close
structurally related
alexandre
alexandre denis
alexandre gram
alexandre davis
alexandre alan
alexandre chan
alexandre franc
defi
defi nition
defi nite
defi orig
defi cient
defi fred
defi defi
explaining
explaining away
explaining language
explaining expert
explaining linguistic
explaining things
explaining certain
hinrich
hinrich sch¨utze
hinrich julia
hinrich david
hinrich information
hinrich stuart
intractable
intractable problem
intractable inference
intractable even
intractable problems
intractable task
intractable requiring
staff
staff member
staff members
staff food
staff service
staff office
staff time
theresa
theresa wilson
theresa janyce
theresa bruce
theresa feng
theresa wiebe
fertility
fertility model
fertility based
fertility probabilities
fertility models
fertility probability
fertility features
prevents
prevents overfitting
prevents extracting
prevents cancer
prevents application
prevents binary
prevents combinatorial
tenses
tenses present
tenses aspects
tenses used
tenses past
tenses identified
tenses imply
aforementioned
aforementioned problems
aforementioned approaches
aforementioned work
aforementioned features
aforementioned studies
aforementioned example
compressed
compressed sentences
compressed sentence
compressed version
compressed representation
compressed length
compressed form
experimentally
experimentally determined
experimentally evaluate
experimentally evaluated
experimentally using
experimentally obtained
experimentally verified
langues
langues volume
langues special
langues journal
langues pour
langues avec
langues dans
naming
naming conventions
naming task
naming convention
naming process
naming game
naming scheme
supertag
supertag sequence
supertag ging
supertag disambiguation
supertag accuracy
supertag based
supertag sequences
transparent
transparent corpus
transparent head
transparent interface
transparent vowels
transparent nouns
transparent relations
vidual
vidual words
vidual features
vidual systems
vidual sentences
vidual components
vidual differences
contingency
contingency table
contingency tables
contingency relation
contingency comparison
contingency relations
contingency matrix
dents
dents answer
dents answers
dents could
dents learning
dents reading
dents currently
diff
diff period
diff match
diff orig
diff range
diff lengths
diff algorithm
institutions
institutions must
institutions communication
institutions community
institutions like
institutions michael
institutions participating
murray
murray hill
murray steve
murray giuseppe
murray nicola
murray john
murray jerry
titov
titov ivan
titov saarland
titov james
titov university
titov system
titov alexandre
yusuke
yusuke miyao
yusuke kenji
yusuke tomoko
yusuke tsujii
yusuke david
yusuke mark
appro
appro priate
appro orig
circle
circle volume
circle check
circle years
circle denotes
circle represents
circle distance
disorders
disorders using
disorders university
disorders based
disorders found
disorders resulting
disorders speech
hereafter
hereafter referred
hereafter called
hereafter refer
hereafter denoted
hereafter wikipedia
hereafter series
rapp
rapp huang
rapp university
rapp michael
rapp universitat
rapp pierre
rapp made
recovered
recovered using
recovered correctly
recovered since
recovered even
recovered figure
recovered directly
visually
visually similar
visually grounded
visually situated
visually descriptive
visually salient
visually present
diagrams
diagrams using
diagrams representing
diagrams showing
diagrams indicates
diagrams like
diagrams often
lose
lose information
lose weight
lose game
lose interest
lose much
lose ones
resent
resent words
resent different
resent word
resent linguistic
resent common
resent discourse
conceptually
conceptually simple
conceptually similar
conceptually related
conceptually simpler
conceptually distinct
conceptually equivalent
debates
debates using
debates dataset
debates data
debates datasets
debates bitext
debates interactions
franc
franc culture
franc fort
franc frank
franc korean
metonymic
metonymic verbs
metonymic verb
metonymic readings
metonymic expressions
metonymic phrase
metonymic relations
orthogonal
orthogonal dimensions
orthogonal projection
orthogonal information
orthogonal matrices
orthogonal matrix
orthogonal vectors
delay
delay neural
delay time
delay statements
delay deterministic
delay figure
delay mechanism
iter
iter ation
iter ations
iter ative
iter orig
iter ates
iter ated
managing
managing editor
managing director
managing information
managing knowledge
managing large
managing uncertainty
portability
portability across
portability experiments
portability issues
portability among
portability efficiency
portability experiment
enriching
enriching wordnet
enriching word
enriching entity
enriching linguistics
enriching speech
enriching lexical
explosion
explosion problem
explosion occurred
explosion inherent
explosion arguments
explosion causes
explosion happened
listeners
listeners beliefs
listeners attention
listeners gaze
listeners observe
listeners behavior
listeners would
nianwen
nianwen martha
nianwen robert
accomplish
accomplish ments
accomplish tasks
accomplish ment
accomplish achieve
accomplish different
accomplish information
cyclic
cyclic dependency
cyclic node
cyclic dependencies
cyclic graph
cyclic rules
cyclic structures
eisenstein
eisenstein michael
eisenstein georgia
eisenstein noah
eisenstein jason
eisenstein eric
eisenstein school
endings
endings like
endings tree
endings could
endings including
endings used
endings called
gothenburg
gothenburg sweden
gothenburg university
gothenburg city
gothenburg papers
gothenburg studies
gothenburg gothenburg
liwc
liwc categories
liwc features
liwc category
liwc dictionary
liwc linguistic
liwc lexicon
mccoy
mccoy university
mccoy kathleen
mccoy summarizing
mccoy department
mccoy reasoning
mccoy dept
alice
alice smith
alice builds
alice test
alice turk
alice chapter
alice could
artifact
artifact substance
artifact location
artifact natural
artifact orig
artifact attribute
artifact event
erties
erties pages
erties including
erties within
erties described
erties like
erties many
machinery
machinery special
machinery used
machinery described
machinery transactions
machinery necessary
machinery required
magazine
magazine articles
magazine ieee
magazine article
magazine corpus
magazine pages
magazine parallel
nicholas
nicholas asher
nicholas keller
nicholas smith
nicholas evans
nicholas psychology
nicholas yuan
pressure
pressure medicine
pressure towards
pressure value
pressure induced
pressure monitor
pressure mouse
propriate
propriate sense
propriate level
propriate values
propriate value
propriate context
propriate feature
regularized
regularized logistic
regularized likelihood
regularized regression
regularized linear
regularized objective
regularized compression
thorough
thorough analysis
thorough evaluation
thorough discussion
thorough investigation
thorough description
thorough reviews
accordance
accordance adopted
bilities
bilities based
bilities estimated
bilities computed
bilities given
bilities obtained
bilities requires
director
director film
director center
director general
director james
director president
director actor
fortunately
fortunately however
fortunately many
fortunately since
fortunately much
fortunately recent
fortunately machine
generalizing
generalizing case
generalizing word
generalizing semantic
generalizing biomedical
generalizing across
generalizing automatically
hardware
hardware store
hardware software
hardware resources
hardware requirements
hardware verification
hardware platforms
interlingua
interlingua based
interlingua representation
interlingua approach
interlingua structure
interlingua translation
interlingua representations
partners
partners style
partners lost
partners using
partners applying
partners including
partners brennan
precede
precede nouns
precede follow
precede effects
precede another
precede head
precede relation
squared
squared error
squared test
squared loss
squared errors
squared distance
squared euclidean
deception
deception detection
deception cues
deception classifiers
deception research
deception clues
deception level
hayes
hayes philip
hayes roth
hayes recovery
hayes carnegie
hayes computer
hayes editor
charge
charge summaries
charge claims
charge rules
charge time
charge charge
charge expect
ehud
ehud reiter
ehud alexander
ehud chris
ehud christopher
ehud knowledge
ehud mellish
gamon
gamon microsoft
gamon anthony
gamon michael
gamon claudia
gamon eric
gamon robert
maybe
maybe even
maybe show
maybe perhaps
maybe three
maybe also
maybe used
respects
respects first
respects including
respects edge
respects similar
respects different
respects namely
scan
scan ning
scan rate
scan algorithm
scan called
scan path
scan paths
scientists
scientists working
scientists often
scientists whose
scientists interested
scientists studying
scientists especially
syntagmatic
syntagmatic relations
syntagmatic kernel
syntagmatic relation
syntagmatic lexical
syntagmatic coherence
syntagmatic patterns
technol
technol orig
technol inform
technol assess
technol james
transferred
transferred across
transferred onto
transferred parses
transferred edges
transferred samples
transferred knowledge
algorithmic
algorithmic approach
algorithmic approaches
algorithmic framework
algorithmic complexity
algorithmic learning
algorithmic implementation
christoph
christoph tillmann
christoph m¨uller
christoph manning
christoph stephan
christoph monz
christoph small
hawaii
hawaii october
hawaii international
hawaii press
hawaii january
hawaii honolulu
hawaii intl
prepare
prepare training
prepare test
prepare data
prepare food
prepare students
prepare three
quotes
quotes brackets
quotes around
quotes assigned
quotes often
quotes within
quotes also
tjong
tjong erik
elimination
elimination algorithm
elimination rules
elimination rule
elimination process
elimination scheme
elimination step
grounds
grounds alone
grounds since
grounds given
grounds could
grounds differ
grounds intra
nominalizations
nominalizations according
nominalizations like
nominalizations often
nominalizations whose
nominalizations tend
nominalizations adverbial
produc
produc tion
produc tions
produc tive
produc orig
produc tively
vladimir
vladimir vapnik
vladimir levenshtein
vladimir popescu
vladimir appeared
vladimir standing
developer
developer oriented
developer needs
developer must
developer platform
developer based
developer users
dowty
dowty david
dowty lauri
dowty wall
dowty robert
dowty karttunen
dowty dowty
expansions
expansions corr
expansions based
expansions depend
expansions found
expansions generated
expansions including
microblog
microblog posts
microblog messages
microblog data
microblog texts
microblog text
microblog corpora
novels
novels translated
novels written
novels stories
novels plays
novels essays
novels using
pendencies
pendencies among
pendencies representation
pendencies cannot
pendencies using
pendencies arising
pendencies connected
stopwords
stopwords removed
stopwords list
stopwords removal
stopwords words
stopwords although
stopwords numbers
thailand
thailand november
thailand september
thailand ijcnlp
thailand science
thailand chiang
thailand convention
insensitive
insensitive bleu
insensitive stress
insensitive matching
insensitive nist
insensitive corpus
insensitive scores
kamp
kamp hans
kamp david
kamp appelt
kamp would
kamp fragment
kamp editors
vocal
vocal tract
vocal interface
vocal folds
vocal expression
vocal expressions
vocal fold
banko
banko michael
banko stephen
banko oren
banko eric
banko matthew
banko susan
bottleneck
bottleneck method
bottleneck using
bottleneck problem
bottleneck approach
bottleneck algorithm
bottleneck however
dencies
dencies among
dencies extracted
dencies involving
dencies using
dencies without
dencies compared
interpretable
interpretable tree
interpretable semantic
interpretable topics
interpretable utterances
interpretable models
interpretable results
mans
mans rank
mans france
mans correlation
mans data
mans mother
mans land
rain
rain orig
rain forest
rain tomorrow
rain treebank
rain forests
rain fell
rived
rived using
rived tree
rived trees
rived words
rived features
rived forms
anyone
anyone interested
anyone else
anyone working
anyone attempting
anyone concerned
anyone know
biggest
biggest difference
biggest problem
biggest challenge
biggest improvement
biggest challenges
biggest advantage
chih
chih chung
chih chen
chih chang
chih ming
chih ping
chih ying
desire
desire verbs
desire intention
desire models
desire verb
desire methods
desire belief
illus
illus orig
inherited
inherited information
inherited properties
inherited attributes
inherited arguments
inherited default
inherited directly
mari
mari ostendorf
mari anne
mari reads
mari cnrs
mari wants
mari colin
riley
riley johan
riley brian
riley learning
riley university
riley diane
riley mihai
substituting
substituting words
substituting equation
substituting discourse
substituting tree
substituting zero
substituting component
augmenting
augmenting wordnet
augmenting features
augmenting string
augmenting article
augmenting english
augmenting ensemble
cohesive
cohesive ties
cohesive devices
cohesive links
cohesive phrase
cohesive structure
cohesive relations
dummy
dummy root
dummy nodes
dummy node
dummy subjects
dummy variables
dummy word
ferred
ferred parse
ferred attributes
ferred interpretation
ferred reading
ferred semantic
ferred based
krahmer
krahmer tilburg
krahmer communication
krahmer editors
krahmer anchor
krahmer last
krahmer marco
pain
pain level
pain management
pain severe
pain start
pain stop
pain associated
transforming
transforming english
transforming trees
transforming meaning
transforming projective
transforming syntactic
transforming standard
unusual
unusual words
unusual word
unusual format
unusual syntactic
unusual behavior
unusual constructions
viable
viable alternative
viable approach
viable solution
viable option
viable method
viable prefix
ciated
ciated word
ciated confidence
ciated feature
ciated press
ciated words
ciated arguments
comprised
comprised approximately
comprised mainly
comprised around
comprised examples
comprised three
comprised pages
electrical
electrical engineering
electrical communication
electrical computer
electrical activity
electrical components
electrical device
cleaning
cleaning process
cleaning steps
cleaning method
cleaning step
cleaning methods
cleaning model
gerald
gerald penn
gerald gazdar
gerald klein
gerald salton
gerald pullum
gerald ford
identifica
identifica tion
identifica orig
identifica tions
identifica classifica
johanna
johanna moore
johanna became
johanna mary
johanna m¨uller
johanna paris
johanna would
albert
albert gatt
albert park
albert skip
albert museum
albert brian
albert meyer
formalized
formalized using
formalized semantic
formalized within
formalized based
formalized dependency
formalized description
timeline
timeline summarization
timeline generation
timeline construction
timeline extraction
timeline cross
timeline based
analytical
analytical layer
analytical definitions
analytical function
analytical study
analytical questions
analytical form
ananiadou
ananiadou university
ananiadou sampo
ananiadou national
ananiadou john
ananiadou kevin
ananiadou sophia
automation
automation chinese
automation rate
automation methods
automation conference
automation strategies
automation pages
baum
baum associates
baum editor
baum evaluation
baum orig
baum andrea
baum avenue
corporate
corporate research
corporate finance
corporate knowledge
corporate news
corporate additional
corporate information
preferable
preferable since
preferable candidate
preferable interpretation
preferable context
preferable even
preferable method
rejection
rejection rate
rejection threshold
rejection sampling
rejection force
rejection rates
rejection sampler
tamil
tamil language
tamil english
tamil microsoft
tamil text
tamil corpus
tamil morphological
uttered
uttered words
uttered phone
uttered sentence
uttered word
uttered propositions
uttered sentences
xavier
xavier carreras
xavier lluis
xavier michael
xavier mihai
xavier carroll
xavier collins
centers
centers around
centers upon
centers also
centers called
centers centering
centers challenge
cette
cette langue
cette phase
cette section
cette technique
cette configuration
cette question
customers
customers already
customers opinions
customers reviews
customers express
customers call
customers goal
election
election campaign
election results
election issues
election result
election cycle
election data
eters
eters using
eters estimated
eters used
eters selected
eters according
eters among
nuclear
nuclear scope
nuclear power
nuclear norm
nuclear testing
nuclear stress
nuclear program
recognizers
recognizers trained
recognizers using
recognizers output
recognizers perform
recognizers acoustic
recognizers employ
reversed
reversed order
reversed direction
reversed lexicon
reversed mapping
reversed pairs
reversed word
strongest
strongest correlation
strongest baseline
strongest association
strongest feature
strongest features
strongest human
estimator
estimator based
estimator performs
estimator using
estimator outperforms
estimator precision
estimator properties
pavel
predictable
predictable ways
predictable information
predictable meaning
predictable behavior
predictable given
predictable patterns
seeks
seeks confirmation
seeks information
seeks answers
seeks optimal
seeks orig
seeks parameters
louis
louis philippe
louis university
louis aravind
louis gross
louis annie
louis jean
master
master thesis
master metaphor
master data
master list
master record
master karen
pirical
pirical methods
pirical study
pirical evaluation
pirical results
pirical data
pirical evidence
practically
practically useful
practically impossible
practically speaking
practically identical
practically important
practically usable
robots
robots gaze
robots across
robots head
robots perception
robots using
robots camera
subclass
subclass relation
subclass includes
subclass relations
subclass class
subclass frequency
subclass hierarchy
incorporation
incorporation baker
incorporation phenomena
incorporation strategy
incorporation terms
incorporation allowing
incorporation along
stanley
stanley peters
stanley chen
stanley joshua
stanley uses
stanley wang
stanley cohen
beatrice
beatrice santorini
beatrice alex
beatrice warren
beatrice barry
beatrice chin
beatrice eric
compara
compara tive
compara tively
compara bility
compara tives
compara orig
compara corpus
marilyn
marilyn walker
marilyn cross
marilyn ford
marilyn aravind
marilyn friedman
marilyn owen
routine
routine tasks
routine assignments
routine formulas
routine routine
routine must
routine work
tony
tony hall
tony rose
tony plate
tony yang
tony tony
tony robinson
transforms
transforms described
transforms every
transforms source
transforms words
transforms case
transforms input
yellow
yellow pages
yellow blue
yellow cube
yellow card
yellow node
yellow green
connects
connects nodes
connects words
connects source
connects different
connects pairs
connects sentences
gpsg
gpsg gazdar
gpsg theory
gpsg framework
gpsg system
gpsg recognition
gpsg category
schneider
schneider chris
schneider editors
schneider carnegie
schneider simon
schneider martin
schneider nathan
shifting
shifting rules
shifting focus
shifting towards
shifting sentiment
shifting centers
shifting function
unify
unify global
unify topic
unify case
unify different
unify distributions
unify fail
ostendorf
ostendorf university
ostendorf mari
ostendorf dept
ostendorf price
ostendorf colin
ostendorf department
plsa
plsa model
plsa hofmann
plsa orig
plsa based
plsa language
plsa models
arpa
arpa human
arpa workshop
arpa format
arpa speech
arpa spoken
arpa grant
disadvantage
disadvantage since
disadvantage disadvantage
disadvantage compared
disadvantage relative
disadvantage according
disadvantage although
proportions
proportions test
proportions calculated
proportions inferred
proportions across
proportions among
proportions based
turian
turian david
turian luke
turian ratinov
turian benjamin
turian joseph
turian embeddings
adjp
adjp advp
adjp adjective
adjp adjp
adjp chunk
adjp orig
adjp pred
continuing
continuing subjective
continuing work
continuing research
continuing development
continuing engineering
continuing subj
investi
investi gate
investi orig
labor
labor intensive
labor cost
labor force
labor costs
labor involved
labor market
lastly
lastly section
lastly table
lastly although
lastly since
lastly automatic
lastly figure
recommended
recommended words
recommended best
recommended terms
recommended list
recommended sentences
recommended practices
scoping
scoping algorithm
scoping phenomena
scoping problem
scoping weights
scoping information
scoping ambiguities
thursday
thursday june
thursday july
thursday august
thursday september
thursday april
thursday october
monitor
monitor constrained
monitor conditions
monitor corpus
monitor model
monitor changes
monitor monitor
pictures
pictures videos
pictures image
pictures related
pictures show
pictures journal
pictures look
prototypical
prototypical examples
prototypical example
prototypical tables
prototypical case
prototypical cases
prototypical word
turkey
turkey june
turkey pages
turkey september
turkey director
turkey wolfgang
turkey additional
angle
angle brackets
angle deviation
angle bracket
angle regression
angle distance
angle bracketed
atoms
atoms connected
atoms known
atoms closer
atoms corresponding
atoms generated
atoms introduced
comple
comple ment
comple ments
comple tion
comple mentation
comple mented
comple orig
whereby
whereby words
whereby given
whereby higher
whereby highly
whereby participants
whereby every
averages
averages across
averages computed
averages give
averages reported
averages together
averages calculated
harper
harper collins
harper ambiguous
harper mary
harper donald
harper anna
harper eugene
minority
minority class
minority languages
minority classes
minority language
minority preference
minority senses
volumes
volumes circle
volumes budapest
volumes helsinki
volumes research
volumes within
volumes hardbound
brand
brand name
brand names
brand preference
brand satisfaction
brand preferences
brand identification
merlo
merlo university
merlo paola
merlo ivan
merlo modularity
merlo suzanne
merlo donald
ross
ross quinlan
ross israel
ross geoffrey
ross english
ross richard
ross generalization
strat
strat ified
strat orig
tuesday
tuesday june
tuesday august
tuesday july
tuesday march
tuesday april
tuesday morning
arguably
arguably better
arguably less
arguably correct
arguably easier
arguably simpler
arguably also
spreading
spreading activation
spreading rules
spreading information
spreading neighborhood
spreading process
spreading strategy
verbmobil
verbmobil task
verbmobil project
verbmobil corpus
verbmobil foundations
verbmobil report
verbmobil system
cascade
cascade model
cascade method
cascade approach
cascade strategy
cascade correlation
cascade models
corr
corr corr
corr wrong
corr correction
corr sent
corr aware
corr baseline
detects
detects errors
detects whether
detects negation
detects words
detects negations
detects possible
icslp
icslp pages
icslp volume
icslp denver
icslp pittsburgh
icslp beijing
icslp jeju
menlo
menlo park
sulting
sulting corpus
sulting model
sulting grammar
sulting clusters
sulting list
sulting system
sentiwordnet
sentiwordnet scores
sentiwordnet lexicon
sentiwordnet features
sentiwordnet synsets
sentiwordnet mpqa
sentiwordnet bengali
devised
devised using
devised rules
devised three
devised based
devised system
devised trie
ficient
ficient algorithm
ficient information
ficient computation
ficient data
ficient amount
ficient implementation
saved
saved session
saved actions
saved together
saved along
saved automatically
saved characters
thesauri
thesauri like
thesauri olivier
thesauri used
thesauri construction
thesauri semantic
thesauri based
bolt
bolt program
bolt project
bolt chinese
bolt data
bolt contract
bolt phase
figurative
figurative language
figurative usages
figurative phrases
figurative expressions
figurative meaning
figurative meanings
pute
pute precision
pute word
pute similarities
pute similarity
pute counts
pute probabilities
catch
catch fish
catch goal
catch ones
catch phrases
catch ball
catch capture
congress
congress street
congress pages
congress subject
congress vote
congress orig
congress passed
constraining
constraining equations
constraining parse
constraining grammar
constraining text
constraining tree
constraining information
hear
hear anything
hear ings
hear orig
hear another
hear feel
hear hear
hypothetical
hypothetical reasoning
hypothetical example
hypothetical certainty
hypothetical system
hypothetical user
hypothetical dialogue
succeed
succeed even
succeed fail
succeed since
succeed either
succeed without
succeed bill
temperature
temperature parameter
temperature temperature
temperature setting
temperature okay
temperature range
temperature change
ably
ably well
ably good
ably higher
ably high
ably lower
ably better
bare
bare plural
bare noun
bare nouns
bare infinitive
bare minimum
bare phrase
exponentially
exponentially many
exponentially large
exponentially larger
exponentially growing
exponentially decreasing
exponentially related
gray
gray area
gray cells
gray nodes
gray line
gray level
gray background
mitkov
mitkov editors
mitkov editor
mitkov university
mitkov volume
mitkov richard
mitkov school
tential
tential context
tential paraphrases
tential sentiment
tential applications
tential answers
tential boundary
coreferential
coreferential relations
coreferential pairs
coreferential links
coreferential information
coreferential chain
coreferential expressions
epistemic
epistemic modality
epistemic phrases
epistemic stance
epistemic value
epistemic evaluation
epistemic source
hasan
hasan oliver
hasan richard
hasan towards
hasan mark
hasan university
hasan classified
preslav
preslav nakov
preslav period
preslav sara
serbian
serbian wordnet
serbian language
serbian english
serbian text
serbian croatian
serbian test
adap
adap tation
adap tive
adap tations
adap orig
adap tively
adap tion
boot
boot orig
boot article
boot grounded
boot high
boot peter
boot time
coordinating
coordinating conjunction
coordinating conjunctions
coordinating committee
coordinating node
coordinating conjuncts
coordinating nodes
creases
creases exponentially
creases linearly
creases precision
creases performance
creases significantly
creases accuracy
hoffmann
hoffmann recognizing
hoffmann editors
hoffmann university
hoffmann arabic
hoffmann mark
hoffmann model
manu
manu ally
manu orig
manu script
manu scripts
manu gets
manu hand
quotation
quotation marks
quotation mark
quotation graph
quotation attribution
quotation extraction
quotation form
srinivas
srinivas bangalore
srinivas narayanan
srinivas data
srinivas baroni
srinivas christine
srinivas owen
morris
morris town
morris jane
morris library
morris hirst
morris john
morris style
punc
punc punctuation
punc orig
punc clause
punc rule
punc period
punc tual
supertagging
supertagging accuracy
supertagging bangalore
supertagging using
supertagging model
supertagging task
supertagging results
welcome
welcome back
welcome session
welcome addition
welcome invited
welcome since
welcome submissions
assoc
assoc list
assoc classes
assoc comp
assoc norms
assoc norm
assoc normalizing
deployed
deployed system
deployed spoken
deployed systems
deployed lets
deployed application
deployed commercial
faces
faces many
faces pages
faces several
faces problems
faces additional
faces based
homogeneous
homogeneous subsets
homogeneous data
homogeneous corpus
homogeneous group
homogeneous classes
homogeneous clusters
markables
markables corefer
markables within
markables form
markables markables
markables represent
markables actually
wade
wade shen
wade stein
wade analysis
wade moran
wade bought
wade allows
contrasts
contrasts found
contrasts strongly
contrasts across
contrasts another
contrasts concerning
contrasts generalizing
disk
disk space
disk drive
disk access
disk file
disk size
disk cache
gupta
gupta john
gupta constantin
gupta giuseppe
gupta martin
gupta matthew
gupta marilyn
posters
posters pages
posters coling
posters demonstrations
posters short
posters coffee
posters cover
alleviate
alleviate data
alleviate sparse
alleviate overfitting
alleviate problems
alleviate sparsity
alleviate error
convenience
convenience store
convenience without
convenience also
convenience every
convenience making
convenience rather
cooperation
cooperation among
cooperation program
cooperation project
cooperation level
cooperation manager
cooperation framework
irish
irish language
irish dependency
irish english
irish centre
irish general
irish national
junction
junction tree
junction grammar
junction category
junction trees
junction block
junction structures
naïve
naïve bayes
naïve bayesian
naïve algorithm
naïve approach
naïve baseline
naïve users
overhead
overhead associated
overhead required
overhead line
overhead storage
overhead costs
overhead time
repetitions
repetitions corrections
repetitions repairs
repetitions revisions
repetitions could
repetitions filled
repetitions self
spearmans
spearmans rank
spearmans correlation
spearmans correlations
spearmans corre
spearmans coefficient
spearmans coefficients
byrne
byrne university
byrne mark
byrne chris
byrne machine
byrne orig
byrne cambridge
loose
loose mapping
loose coupling
loose translations
loose definition
loose sequence
loose transitivity
permission
permission requests
permission number
permission commitment
permission denoting
permission form
permission obtained
spearman
spearman correlation
spearman rank
spearman correlations
spearman coefficient
spearman correla
spearman corre
lesser
lesser extent
lesser degree
lesser known
lesser studied
lesser used
lesser number
tagsets
tagsets used
tagsets developed
tagsets without
tagsets core
tagsets given
tagsets based
arrow
arrow rules
arrow keys
arrow indicates
arrow rule
arrow pointing
arrow means
boyd
boyd department
boyd markus
boyd scott
boyd ohio
boyd fair
boyd stephen
coupling
coupling features
coupling semi
coupling reordering
coupling matrix
coupling parameter
coupling constraints
intervening
intervening words
intervening material
intervening sentences
intervening word
intervening nodes
intervening verb
offline
offline strategies
offline evaluation
offline processing
offline model
offline system
offline analysis
permitted
permitted semantic
permitted except
permitted relation
permitted configurations
permitted discourse
permitted inferences
speci
speci fied
speci fication
speci fying
speci orig
speci fier
speci fiers
contrasting
contrasting word
contrasting pairs
contrasting words
contrasting meaning
contrasting domains
contrasting results
corp
corp orig
corp tuples
corp company
corp like
corp ming
corp question
decay
decay factor
decay algorithms
decay function
decay rate
decay parameter
decay factors
execute
execute unix
execute command
execute relation
execute operation
execute instructions
execute construct
governed
governed prepositions
governed elements
governed preposition
governed string
governed behavior
governed node
limsi
limsi cnrs
limsi france
limsi system
limsi arise
limsi orig
limsi submission
rection
rection shared
rection system
rection systems
rection model
rection task
rection candidates
sameer
sameer pradhan
sameer singh
sameer alessandro
sameer lance
sameer agarwal
sameer edward
victor
victor format
victor lesser
victor knows
victor lesk
victor martinez
victor pereira
ensuring
ensuring consistency
ensuring good
ensuring high
ensuring correct
ensuring portability
ensuring data
radical
radical pragmatics
radical change
radical embedding
radical approach
radical changes
radical construction
sums
sums means
sums differences
sums absolute
sums across
sums containing
sums creativity
swap
swap operation
swap ping
swap action
swap operator
swap transition
swap discontinuous
arranged
arranged according
arranged data
arranged accord
arranged food
arranged like
arranged together
associating
associating words
associating probabilities
associating semantic
associating word
associating syntactic
associating concepts
formalization
formalization given
formalization makes
formalization also
formalization based
formalization subsumes
formalization accounts
fying
fying semantic
fying arguments
fying assumption
fying sentences
fying texts
fying compositional
opportunities
opportunities offered
opportunities arise
opportunities exist
opportunities across
opportunities associated
opportunities based
promote
promote research
promote learning
promote better
promote discussion
promote marker
promote effective
radio
radio news
radio station
radio broadcast
radio buttons
radio communications
radio button
replaces
replaces every
replaces words
replaces human
replaces specific
replaces variables
replaces discourse
sorting
sorting texts
sorting order
sorting according
sorting algorithm
sorting method
sorting procedure
designated
designated start
designated root
designated word
designated syllable
designated training
designated object
ration
ration process
ration relation
ration system
ration file
ration information
ration models
affecting
affecting performance
affecting accuracy
affecting perfor
affecting precision
affecting recall
affecting speech
bohnet
bohnet parser
bohnet joakim
bohnet university
bohnet simon
bohnet yang
bohnet international
connectivity
connectivity measures
connectivity strength
connectivity matrix
connectivity graph
connectivity score
connectivity patterns
nigel
nigel duffy
nigel ward
nigel grammar
nigel text
nigel case
nigel mann
prefers
prefers longer
prefers shorter
prefers small
prefers smaller
prefers candidates
prefers left
reviewing
reviewing process
reviewing related
reviewing system
reviewing papers
reviewing research
reviewing practices
rooth
rooth stefan
rooth structural
rooth cornell
rooth university
rooth universitat
rooth method
sought
sought also
sought answer
sought solution
sought type
sought using
sought among
timbl
timbl tilburg
timbl daelemans
timbl version
timbl software
timbl classifier
timbl package
claudia
claudia leacock
claudia geoffrey
claudia jordan
claudia lucia
claudia carl
claudia martin
hunter
hunter college
hunter university
hunter robert
hunter shot
hunter center
hunter lawrence
idiosyncratic
idiosyncratic properties
idiosyncratic features
idiosyncratic interpretations
idiosyncratic information
idiosyncratic language
idiosyncratic behavior
lcfrs
lcfrs production
lcfrs rules
lcfrs vijay
lcfrs parsing
lcfrs grammars
lcfrs rule
maxwell
maxwell john
maxwell university
maxwell alexander
maxwell xerox
maxwell diana
maxwell linguistic
atom
atom atom
atom segmentation
atom sequence
atom valued
atom features
atom ically
github
github repository
github https
github page
github automatic
github diff
github http
landmarks
landmarks relative
landmarks along
landmarks plan
landmarks used
landmarks plans
landmarks salience
nite
nite state
nite verb
nite article
nite automata
nite descriptions
nite clause
priate
priate sense
priate word
priate features
priate lexical
priate semantic
priate type
durations
durations figure
durations across
durations follow
durations associated
durations based
durations could
editorial
editorial board
editorial assistant
editorial address
editorial control
editorial process
editorial decision
egyptian
egyptian arabic
egyptian dialect
egyptian president
egyptian test
egyptian english
egyptian dialectal
interrogative
interrogative sentences
interrogative pronoun
interrogative sentence
interrogative pronouns
interrogative clauses
interrogative form
literally
literally translated
literally means
literally used
literally said
literally contain
literally meaning
ultimate
ultimate goal
ultimate objective
ultimate test
ultimate goals
ultimate purpose
ultimate success
wine
wine wine
wine generating
wine ontology
wine glass
wine beer
wine delivery
affinity
affinity matrix
affinity propagation
affinity score
affinity graph
affinity scores
affinity vectors
barry
barry smith
barry karl
barry allen
barry brian
barry editors
barry harry
buckwalter
buckwalter arabic
buckwalter transliteration
buckwalter scheme
buckwalter morphological
buckwalter analyzer
buckwalter lexicon
hypernymy
hypernymy relation
hypernymy relations
hypernymy hyponymy
hypernymy links
hypernymy graph
hypernymy extraction
lacking
lacking sufficient
lacking annotated
lacking explicit
lacking large
lacking precision
lacking appropriate
lane
lane schwartz
lane change
lane edinburgh
lane michael
lane cambridge
lane austin
observable
observable markov
observable features
observable variables
observable stochastic
observable linguistic
observable properties
organize
organize information
organize knowledge
organize text
organize search
organize chinese
organize concepts
pairing
pairing patterns
pairing words
pairing types
pairing costs
pairing documents
pairing opinion
quoted
quoted speech
quoted text
quoted string
quoted content
quoted material
quoted expressions
tomas
tomas mikolov
tomas library
tomas simon
tomas spent
tomas stefan
tomas told
bunt
bunt tilburg
bunt john
bunt harry
bunt editor
bunt alon
bunt paola
denero
denero alexandre
denero david
denero john
denero adam
denero computer
denero pascal
encounter
encounter problems
encounter many
encounter words
encounter data
encounter sentences
encounter prob
hood
hood estimation
hood roberts
hood ratio
hood estimate
hood estimates
hood function
justification
justification given
justification material
justification chains
justification orig
justification argument
justification behind
weblogs
weblogs pages
weblogs aaai
weblogs answers
weblogs data
weblogs volume
weblogs emails
feat
feat feat
feat type
feat name
feat orig
feat column
feat last
heuris
heuris tics
heuris tically
heuris orig
remember
remember orig
remember information
remember know
remember exactly
remember reply
remember whether
romance
romance languages
romance language
romance family
romance linguistics
romance love
romance framenet
russell
russell graham
russell alan
russell gray
russell peter
russell susan
russell sage
undefined
undefined otherwise
undefined undefined
undefined values
undefined words
undefined relation
undefined senses
communica
communica tion
communica tions
communica tive
communica orig
communica tors
communica tional
descriptor
descriptor files
descriptor selection
descriptor array
descriptor clustering
descriptor file
descriptor sequences
egory
egory label
egory labels
egory pair
egory detection
egory information
egory name
falling
falling variable
falling back
falling tone
falling within
falling outside
falling pitch
parameterized
parameterized grammar
parameterized grammars
parameterized model
parameterized similarity
parameterized approach
parameterized loss
resolu
resolu tion
resolu tions
resolu orig
arrows
arrows indicate
arrows represent
arrows show
arrows denote
arrows point
arrows pointing
embodied
embodied conversational
embodied agents
embodied construction
embodied language
embodied agent
embodied conversation
headwords
headwords first
headwords index
headwords seen
headwords whose
headwords together
headwords using
unexpected
unexpected result
unexpected results
unexpected word
unexpected input
unexpected words
unexpected ways
xiong
xiong yang
xiong john
xiong peng
xiong institute
xiong diane
xiong university
clitics
clitics proper
clitics attached
clitics auxiliaries
clitics follow
clitics include
clitics whose
contributing
contributing factor
contributing authors
contributing factors
contributing features
contributing much
contributing enough
denis
denis baldridge
denis andrew
denis cnrs
denis pascal
denis alexandre
denis hierarchical
explanatory
explanatory power
explanatory variables
explanatory combinatorial
explanatory dialogues
explanatory adequacy
explanatory extensions
institution
institution telephone
institution whose
institution computer
institution sense
institution address
institution bank
relax
relax ation
relax ations
relax parse
relax relevant
relax constraints
relax strict
rewritten
rewritten story
rewritten using
rewritten sentence
rewritten sentences
rewritten stories
rewritten according
taipei
taipei taiwan
taipei university
taipei city
taipei august
taipei match
taipei republic
termination
termination condition
termination criterion
termination conditions
termination criteria
termination problems
termination properties
cars
cars orig
cars dataset
cars model
cars using
cars share
cars domain
eugenio
eugenio barbara
eugenio university
eugenio johanna
eugenio martinez
eugenio computer
eugenio mona
host
host part
host language
host word
host clause
host name
host parts
saint
saint louis
saint martin
saint denis
saint michel
saint paul
saint jean
warren
warren david
warren department
warren definite
warren pereira
warren computer
warren algorithm
yuan
yuan ding
yuan zhang
yuan dong
yuan chen
yuan wang
yuan fang
centrality
centrality measures
centrality measure
centrality based
centrality algorithm
centrality algorithms
centrality scores
collocational
collocational information
collocational features
collocational patterns
collocational knowledge
collocational properties
collocational strength
informally
informally speaking
informally defined
informally described
informally written
informally describe
informally define
summarizer
summarizer based
summarizer scores
summarizer uses
summarizer using
summarizer must
summarizer would
tributed
tributed representations
tributed representation
tributed word
tributed across
tributed among
tributed processing
cfgs
cfgs cannot
cfgs extracted
cfgs could
cfgs tree
cfgs used
cfgs without
deleting
deleting words
deleting nodes
deleting replacing
deleting rules
deleting sentences
deleting arcs
isnt
isnt clear
isnt enough
isnt always
isnt possible
isnt sufficient
isnt working
justified
justified since
justified proposition
justified based
justified given
justified grammars
justified however
literals
literals occurring
literals using
literals along
literals cannot
literals found
literals literal
rationale
rationale behind
rationale annotations
rationale annotation
rationale clause
rationale underlying
rationale based
slavic
slavic languages
slavic language
slavic natural
slavic core
slavic studies
slavic linguistics
adaptor
adaptor grammars
adaptor grammar
adaptor gram
adaptor hyperparameters
adaptor func
adaptor function
disfluencies
disfluencies based
disfluencies using
disfluencies removed
disfluencies david
disfluencies found
disfluencies fillers
elliptical
elliptical fragment
elliptical verb
elliptical constructions
elliptical utterances
elliptical fragments
elliptical structures
expense
expense make
expense required
expense involved
expense risk
expense asso
expense burden
gary
gary klein
gary king
gary martins
gary cooper
gary riley
gary roberts
porting
porting process
porting procedure
porting method
porting statisti
porting task
porting sentence
violated
violated constraints
violated expectation
violated constraint
violated expectations
violated default
violated rule
copula
copula verb
copula constructions
copula verbs
copula regression
copula model
copula construction
derstanding
derstanding conference
derstanding system
derstanding systems
derstanding workshop
derstanding component
derstanding framework
examines
examines whether
examines several
examines three
examines problems
examines sentences
examines young
mallet
mallet mccallum
mallet toolkit
mallet package
mallet http
mallet software
mallet implementation
negra
negra corpus
negra treebank
negra tiger
negra tree
negra annotation
negra lcfrs
randomized
randomized algorithms
randomized algorithm
randomized controlled
randomized language
randomized local
randomized parsing
schulte
����
���� ����
���� ��
���� ���
���� orig
���� quick
���� changes
biguous
biguous word
biguous words
biguous context
biguous sentences
biguous cases
biguous terms
henry
henry thompson
henry corpus
henry ford
henry viii
henry core
henry street
interpre
interpre tation
interpre tations
interpre orig
interpre tive
interpre tational
interpre ting
softmax
softmax margin
softmax function
softmax layer
softmax classifier
softmax output
softmax activation
concentrated
concentrated around
concentrated primarily
concentrated mainly
concentrated mostly
concentrated within
concentrated among
pending
pending words
pending upon
pending context
pending list
pending state
pending term
pisa
pisa italy
pisa lectures
pisa pisa
pisa university
pisa special
pisa gerald
composi
composi tional
composi tion
composi tionally
composi orig
composi tions
composi definition
deux
deux mots
deux types
deux mains
deux langues
deux articles
deux aspects
isahara
isahara communications
isahara francis
isahara nict
isahara computational
isahara national
isahara alon
pact
pact representation
pact representations
pact grammar
pact features
pact model
pact architecture
tionally
tionally expensive
tionally similar
tionally efficient
tionally independent
tionally related
tionally used
trainable
trainable document
trainable grammars
trainable sentence
trainable rule
trainable generation
trainable methods
yoshua
yoshua bengio
abilistic
abilistic models
abilistic model
abilistic context
abilistic grammar
abilistic framework
abilistic approach
walde
walde university
walde sabine
walde christian
walde induction
walde stefan
walde satoshi
advan
advan orig
clitic
clitic pronouns
clitic pronoun
clitic segmentation
clitic attachment
clitic ordering
clitic placement
exceed
exceed eight
exceed ingly
exceed three
exceed four
exceed human
exceed state
incorpo
incorpo rate
incorpo rating
incorpo rated
incorpo rates
incorpo ration
incorpo orig
luke
luke zettlemoyer
luke shen
luke provides
luke supports
luke acquisition
luke already
swers
swers ranked
swers generated
swers given
swers like
swers using
swers according
unix
unix operating
unix command
unix shell
unix commands
unix domain
unix like
articulation
articulation disorder
articulation disorders
articulation project
articulation data
articulation test
articulation assessment
experienced
experienced users
experienced annotators
experienced annotator
experienced human
experienced user
experienced linguists
kentaro
kentaro torisawa
kentaro inui
kentaro tsujii
larly
larly important
larly well
larly useful
larly challenging
larly interesting
larly problematic
remote
remote control
remote controls
remote server
remote reference
remote system
remote participants
teach
teach students
teach courses
teach computers
teach know
teach english
teach request
induces
induces word
induces patterns
induces rules
induces sparsity
induces classes
induces combinatory
skeleton
skeleton parsing
skeleton pool
skeleton based
skeleton grammar
skeleton selection
skeleton translation
stein
stein matthias
stein berger
stein editors
stein human
stein stephan
stein distance
viewing
viewing morphology
viewing distance
viewing tool
viewing language
viewing input
viewing instrument
bach
bach nguyen
bach stephan
bach roger
bach language
bach university
bach matthias
poral
poral expressions
poral relations
poral expression
poral information
poral relation
poral structure
analyser
analyser produces
analyser based
analyser uses
analyser described
analyser output
analyser could
apache
apache lucene
apache uima
apache opennlp
apache license
apache software
apache commons
confi
confi dence
confi dent
confi orig
confi ance
confi chief
deviations
deviations across
deviations away
deviations indicate
deviations using
deviations caused
deviations depend
discount
discount factor
discount parameter
discount offer
discount parameters
discount rate
discount available
fective
fective self
fective text
fective method
fective features
fective feature
fective states
graehl
graehl kevin
graehl knight
graehl jonathan
graehl mark
graehl information
graehl lexicon
mouton
mouton publishers
mouton berlin
mouton paris
mouton amsterdam
mouton quantitative
preprocessed
preprocessed using
preprocessed data
preprocessed string
preprocessed corpus
preprocessed text
preprocessed sentence
subgraphs
subgraphs corresponding
subgraphs representing
subgraphs induced
subgraphs produced
subgraphs ralph
subgraphs using
abstractive
abstractive summarization
abstractive summaries
abstractive summary
abstractive sentence
abstractive meeting
abstractive methods
cuts
cuts across
cuts annotation
cuts easily
cuts near
cuts ieee
cuts obtained
inflections
inflections cause
inflections derivations
inflections except
inflections allowed
inflections allows
inflections attached
interoperability
interoperability among
interoperability pages
interoperability framework
interoperability protocol
interoperability issues
interoperability standard
phon
phon phon
phon bigrams
phon feature
phon list
phon orig
phon john
pretation
pretation process
pretation component
pretation depends
pretation rules
pretation task
pretation system
ually
ually annotated
ually constructed
ually labeled
ually created
ually checked
ually evaluated
blank
blank lines
blank spaces
blank space
blank line
blank questions
blank character
gathering
gathering data
gathering information
gathering statistics
gathering type
gathering training
gathering additional
inserting
inserting additional
inserting commas
inserting empty
inserting deleting
inserting punctuation
inserting missing
logics
logics based
logics including
logics proof
logics complexity
logics differ
logics manfred
nombank
nombank project
nombank meyers
nombank timebank
nombank annotation
nombank corpus
nombank annotations
plotted
plotted separately
plotted along
plotted line
plotted versus
plotted figure
plotted instead
pound
pound words
pound nouns
pound noun
pound word
pound splitting
pound verbs
simaan
simaan university
simaan editors
simaan alon
simaan michel
simaan institute
simaan vincent
tered
tered around
tered together
tered data
tered based
tered according
tered graph
aries
aries based
aries explicitly
aries using
aries word
aries alone
aries assigned
departure
departure time
departure city
departure place
departure date
departure point
departure times
stockholm
stockholm university
stockholm sweden
stockholm permission
stockholm multilingual
stockholm network
stockholm univer
aids
aids pages
aids term
aids disease
aids aids
aids aiming
aids also
feeling
feeling well
feeling based
feeling food
feeling orig
feeling better
feeling class
hearing
hearing research
hearing loss
hearing people
hearing services
hearing students
hearing persons
meurers
meurers university
meurers ohio
meurers dale
meurers model
meurers department
meurers fast
mohamed
mohamed indiana
mohamed long
mohamed would
mohamed addresses
mohamed ahmed
mohamed anne
subsequences
subsequences kernel
subsequences occurring
subsequences belonging
subsequences based
subsequences found
subsequences receive
tropy
tropy model
tropy models
tropy approach
tropy classifier
tropy modeling
tropy estimation
watanabe
watanabe bonnie
watanabe nict
watanabe andy
watanabe kentaro
watanabe yuji
watanabe frank
bakeoff
bakeoff results
bakeoff data
bakeoff word
bakeoff task
bakeoff tasks
bakeoff paper
equa
equa tion
equa tions
equa orig
equa tional
equa result
equa tive
indonesian
indonesian japanese
indonesian english
indonesian language
indonesian words
indonesian malay
indonesian wordnet
kingsbury
kingsbury martha
kingsbury paul
kingsbury palmer
kingsbury david
kingsbury katrin
kingsbury created
multiclass
multiclass problems
multiclass classification
multiclass classifier
multiclass kernel
multiclass logistic
multiclass problem
posted
posted online
posted daily
posted question
posted pages
posted every
posted images
accessibility
accessibility relations
accessibility relation
accessibility bias
accessibility pages
accessibility hierarchy
accessibility path
chap
chap ters
chap orig
chap chap
chap child
chap used
coordinates
coordinates rather
coordinates client
coordinates corresponding
coordinates data
coordinates events
coordinates gaze
correla
correla tion
correla tions
correla orig
correla tive
correla tional
euclidean
euclidean distance
euclidean space
euclidean distances
euclidean norm
euclidean length
euclidean metric
judging
judging whether
judging grammaticality
judging rule
judging correctness
judging request
judging rules
matt
matt post
matt thomas
matt snover
matt richardson
matt smith
matt singleton
baby
baby steps
baby talk
baby names
baby animal
baby child
baby girl
brent
brent michael
brent corpus
brent jones
brent berlin
brent johns
brent brent
defaults
defaults based
defaults allows
defaults associated
defaults location
defaults would
defaults built
existential
existential quantifier
existential quantification
existential quantifiers
existential variable
existential interpretation
existential noun
fruit
fruit apple
fruit table
fruit type
fruit sense
fruit tree
fruit fixes
grading
grading system
grading essays
grading process
grading systems
grading student
grading accuracy
groningen
groningen university
groningen netherlands
groningen meaning
groningen groningen
groningen david
groningen michael
jack
jack edmonds
jack went
jack london
jack chambers
jack lang
jack chen
lying
lying words
lying semantic
lying system
lying within
lying idea
lying representation
salt
salt lake
salt error
salt codes
salt software
salt water
salt annotated
yoram
yoram singer
yoram moses
yoram wind
americas
americas amta
americas pages
americas cambridge
americas conference
americas denver
americas montreal
appelt
appelt douglas
appelt john
appelt artificial
appelt paul
appelt doug
appelt accurate
border
border line
border border
border split
border texas
border states
border trade
depicts
depicts examples
depicts learning
depicts still
depicts accuracy
depicts another
depicts example
hter
hter scores
hter exploring
hter snover
hter score
hter values
hter prediction
malta
malta malta
malta computer
malta pages
malta european
malta guidelines
malta mike
digits
digits followed
digits following
digits case
digits letters
digits special
digits chinese
icsi
icsi meeting
icsi berkeley
icsi meetings
icsi corpus
icsi meet
icsi summarization
rational
rational model
rational interaction
rational agents
rational agent
rational relations
rational behavior
ravi
ravi kumar
ravi kevin
ravi jason
ravi information
ravi mihai
ravi yahoo
rigau
rigau university
rigau ellen
rigau german
rigau eneko
rigau alan
rigau laura
rigid
rigid word
rigid order
rigid noun
rigid head
rigid grammars
rigid rules
telic
telic role
telic events
telic roles
telic verbs
telic verb
telic information
exploratory
exploratory study
exploratory data
exploratory analysis
exploratory search
exploratory experiments
exploratory work
lexicalised
lexicalised models
lexicalised grammar
lexicalised grammars
lexicalised tree
lexicalised reordering
lexicalised pcfg
shell
shell noun
shell nouns
shell content
shell script
shell scripts
shell language
wolf
wolf editors
wolf edward
wolf wordnet
wolf florian
wolf asked
wolf clue
basili
basili university
basili roberto
basili marco
basili maria
basili tree
basili diego
decoders
decoders search
decoders used
decoders koehn
decoders based
decoders output
decoders incorporate
irst
irst trento
irst italy
irst university
irst orig
irst lexical
irst kernel
leech
leech geoffrey
leech roger
leech susan
leech editors
leech paul
leech linguistics
searchers
searchers working
searchers interested
searchers including
searchers need
searchers easy
searchers across
thumbs
consumer
consumer reviews
consumer health
consumer electronics
consumer products
consumer product
consumer opinions
driver
driver information
driver program
driver behaviour
driver feedback
driver manual
driver might
gramming
gramming language
gramming languages
gramming algorithm
gramming approach
gramming techniques
gramming assignments
lect
lect data
lect sentences
lect relevant
lect classification
lect large
lect documents
prentice
prentice hall
prentice must
unmarked
unmarked case
unmarked form
unmarked cases
unmarked order
unmarked declarative
unmarked theme
evant
evant features
evant documents
evant information
evant sentences
evant books
evant words
finland
finland program
finland august
finland first
finland abstract
finland pages
finland graham
hurt
hurt performance
hurt parsing
hurt translation
hurt precision
hurt perfor
hurt accuracy
lenci
lenci university
lenci alessandro
lenci distributional
lenci catherine
lenci antonio
lenci james
manuscript
manuscript university
manuscript submitted
manuscript available
manuscript http
manuscript must
manuscript stanford
scalability
scalability issues
scalability problem
scalability issue
scalability problems
scalability evaluation
scalability challenges
solu
solu tion
solu tions
solu orig
solu solutions
aberdeen
aberdeen scotland
aberdeen aberdeen
aberdeen university
aberdeen john
aberdeen united
aberdeen department
aggressive
aggressive algorithms
aggressive algorithm
aggressive pruning
aggressive learning
aggressive feature
aggressive filtering
assessments
assessments made
assessments based
assessments included
assessments provided
assessments using
assessments annotating
bergsma
bergsma dekang
bergsma paul
bergsma matt
bergsma david
bergsma emily
bergsma johns
digit
digit number
digit numbers
digit strings
digit recognition
digit sequences
digit string
finance
finance domain
finance association
finance minister
finance politics
finance domains
finance corpora
jackendoff
jackendoff style
jackendoff andrew
jackendoff also
jackendoff current
jackendoff framework
jackendoff jackendoff
prices
prices additional
prices subject
prices range
prices rose
prices fall
prices fell
projectivity
projectivity constraint
projectivity constraints
projectivity assumption
projectivity depth
projectivity multilingual
projectivity phenomena
safe
safe rules
safe segmentation
safe place
safe approach
safe sequence
safe chains
agreements
agreements among
agreements within
agreements based
agreements occur
agreements oliver
agreements achieved
charts
charts line
charts present
charts charts
charts indicate
charts representing
charts using
florida
florida artificial
florida word
florida state
florida institute
florida international
florida andreas
invoked
invoked directly
invoked recursively
invoked whenever
invoked explicitly
invoked next
invoked rule
overly
overly general
overly specific
overly long
overly complex
overly restrictive
overly large
arrived
arrived late
arrived yesterday
arrived orig
arrived every
arrived today
arrived arrive
concluded
concluded based
concluded either
concluded properly
concluded since
concluded thursday
concluded allows
gimpel
gimpel nathan
gimpel jonathan
gimpel noah
gimpel carnegie
gimpel orig
gimpel gimpel
rasp
rasp system
rasp parser
rasp briscoe
rasp toolkit
rasp parsed
rasp parsing
revisions
revisions made
revisions needed
revisions could
revisions system
revisions affect
revisions clean
spelled
spelled words
spelled word
spelled correctly
spelled equivalents
spelled queries
spelled differently
tones
tones repairs
tones high
tones last
tones based
tones fall
tones using
beer
beer nation
beer target
beer beer
beer orig
beer please
beer formal
bins
bins based
bins according
bins using
bins centered
bins contain
bins corresponding
decompose
decompose human
decompose chinese
decompose across
decompose along
decompose complex
decompose sentences
deng
deng alex
deng dong
deng microsoft
deng jonathan
deng list
deng alexander
empiri
empiri cally
empiri orig
empiri cial
empiri cially
itera
itera tion
itera tions
itera tive
itera tively
itera orig
oconnor
oconnor daniel
oconnor chris
oconnor noah
oconnor michel
oconnor carnegie
oconnor jacob
probabilis
probabilis tically
probabilis orig
probabilis tics
wood
wood send
wood university
wood land
wood mary
wood orig
wood table
altogether
altogether different
altogether missing
altogether four
altogether clear
altogether dagan
altogether last
chief
chief executive
chief financial
chief operating
chief among
chief evaluation
chief annotator
entailed
entailed relation
entailed sentences
entailed pairs
entailed texts
entailed words
entailed paragraphs
glue
glue rules
glue rule
glue language
glue logic
glue grammar
glue together
laws
laws kenneth
laws christian
laws florian
laws university
laws conflict
laws governing
nate
nate chambers
nate clauses
nate clause
nate structures
nate pairs
nate identification
pooling
pooling layer
pooling operation
pooling layers
pooling methods
pooling strategy
pooling operations
weaknesses
weaknesses however
weaknesses inherent
weaknesses many
weaknesses pointed
weaknesses section
weaknesses specific
xing
xing school
xing wang
xing alexander
xing andrew
xing carnegie
xing michael
beth
beth levin
beth shriberg
beth israel
beth owen
beth feldman
beth beth
clinton
clinton bush
clinton clinton
clinton corpus
clinton said
clinton bill
clinton study
decode
decode using
decode time
decode words
decode cognitive
decode information
decode input
groupings
groupings included
groupings created
groupings examples
groupings according
groupings called
groupings could
newsletter
newsletter abstracts
newsletter calls
newsletter site
newsletter program
newsletter minutes
newsletter programs
urbana
urbana illinois
urbana orig
urbana university
urbana room
espe
espe cially
espe orig
espe cial
k¨ubler
k¨ubler ryan
k¨ubler marie
k¨ubler indiana
k¨ubler sandra
k¨ubler university
k¨ubler mcdonald
trix
trix factorization
trix clause
trix multiplication
trix whose
trix based
trix language
archives
archives community
archives initiative
archives using
archives libraries
archives project
archives aims
enhancement
enhancement program
enhancement system
enhancement using
enhancement approach
enhancement would
enhancement algorithm
implementa
implementa tion
implementa tions
implementa orig
implementa tional
indo
indo european
indo wordnet
indo side
indo positions
indo euro
indo figure
khudanpur
khudanpur lane
khudanpur johns
khudanpur center
khudanpur david
khudanpur brian
khudanpur department
numbered
numbered arguments
numbered argument
numbered roles
numbered sentences
numbered according
numbered documents
analyzers
analyzers using
analyzers machine
analyzers output
analyzers available
analyzers beesley
analyzers cannot
antonym
antonym pairs
antonym relation
antonym relations
antonym pair
antonym questions
antonym word
concluding
concluding remarks
concluding chapter
concluding section
concluding discussion
concluding remark
concluding comments
emerge
emerge naturally
emerge within
emerge based
emerge every
emerge frequently
emerge across
fixes
fixes suffixes
fixes prefixes
fixes errors
fixes first
fixes found
fixes including
lazy
lazy learning
lazy evaluation
lazy list
lazy unification
lazy algorithm
lazy graph
partitioned
partitioned data
partitioned according
partitioned semantic
partitioned across
partitioned randomly
partitioned networks
unicode
unicode characters
unicode character
unicode standard
unicode based
unicode consortium
unicode conference
marina
marina erik
marina elizabeth
marina josef
marina name
marina suite
morphologi
morphologi cally
morphologi orig
morphologi model
pearsons
pearsons correlation
pearsons product
pearsons correlations
pearsons correla
pearsons corre
pearsons coefficient
reciprocal
reciprocal rank
reciprocal ranks
reciprocal pronouns
reciprocal sentences
reciprocal answer
reciprocal ranking
silence
silence duration
silence information
silence threshold
silence durations
silence rate
silence detection
carberry
carberry sandra
carberry university
carberry indirect
carberry kathleen
carberry department
carberry addresses
evaluative
evaluative arguments
evaluative text
evaluative expressions
evaluative questions
evaluative expression
evaluative adjectives
flights
flights system
flights information
flights available
flights leaving
flights speech
flights user
juan
juan antonio
juan xiao
juan carlos
juan martinez
juan confirmed
juan maria
remained
remained largely
remained unchanged
remained constant
remained almost
remained fairly
remained open
simplex
simplex method
simplex words
simplex algorithm
simplex verb
simplex verbs
simplex onset
unreliable
unreliable data
unreliable estimates
unreliable predictions
unreliable results
unreliable assignments
unreliable estimation
vital
vital role
vital information
vital okay
vital importance
vital part
vital component
becker
becker richard
becker dfki
becker aravind
becker george
becker rambow
becker german
deliver
deliver state
deliver information
deliver able
deliver good
deliver high
deliver results
delivery
delivery elsewhere
delivery system
delivery conferences
delivery european
delivery trade
delivery coling
durme
durme chris
durme johns
durme theresa
durme benjamin
durme mark
durme peter
sifiers
sifiers trained
sifiers using
sifiers based
sifiers used
sifiers would
sifiers output
stacked
stacked generalization
stacked learning
stacked model
stacked focus
stacked classifier
stacked classifiers
analyzes
analyzes several
analyzes texts
analyzes dependency
analyzes different
analyzes english
analyzes sentences
compounding
compounding languages
compounding language
compounding forms
compounding pages
compounding process
compounding relation
coord
coord constructs
coord coord
coord orig
coord rand
coord hyper
coord label
judith
judith klavans
judith klein
judith machine
judith looked
judith nathan
judith cohn
kill
kill verb
kill bill
kill people
kill verbs
kill john
kill beat
negatively
negatively correlated
negatively affect
negatively impact
negatively affected
negatively affects
negatively labeled
commonsense
commonsense knowledge
commonsense reasoning
commonsense entailment
commonsense psychology
commonsense world
commonsense knowl
cunningham
cunningham diana
cunningham university
cunningham stevenson
cunningham brian
cunningham dept
cunningham robert
grades
grades given
grades assigned
grades performance
grades domain
grades based
grades mean
instructed
instructed annotators
instructed approx
instructed remove
instructed students
instructed turkers
instructed workers
substance
substance time
substance food
substance matter
substance orig
substance structure
substance classification
twelve
twelve journal
twelve words
twelve different
twelve categories
twelve languages
twelve people
andy
andy dublin
andy hong
andy singleton
andy allen
andy beer
andy black
breakdown
breakdown labels
breakdown based
breakdown across
breakdown analysis
breakdown causing
breakdown doctoral
ingly
ingly important
ingly popular
ingly high
ingly well
ingly complex
ingly good
simplifying
simplifying assumption
simplifying assumptions
simplifying assump
simplifying text
simplifying french
simplifying relative
specially
specially designed
specially developed
specially constructed
specially trained
specially marked
specially tailored
connectionist
connectionist models
connectionist model
connectionist approach
connectionist systems
connectionist approaches
connectionist networks
hole
hole semantics
hole argument
hole orig
hole seman
hole still
hole constants
hungary
hungary april
hungary august
hungary september
hungary data
hungary pages
hungary association
ports
ports well
ports generated
ports multi
ports orig
ports several
ports speech
sume
sume access
sume conditional
sume independence
sume multiple
sume three
sume words
normalisation
normalisation dictionary
normalisation rules
normalisation constant
normalisation process
normalisation method
normalisation accuracy
prof
prof science
prof robert
prof david
prof action
prof contains
prof documents
recommend
recommend using
recommend items
recommend summary
recommend orig
recommend restaurants
recommend taking
tracting
tracting paraphrases
tracting semantic
tracting information
tracting relations
tracting parallel
tracting complex
accessing
accessing information
accessing wikipedia
accessing data
accessing large
accessing different
accessing germanet
inadequate
inadequate since
inadequate coverage
inadequate information
inadequate training
inadequate test
inadequate translation
pects
pects using
pects including
pects annotating
pects described
pects five
pects make
rappoport
rappoport institute
rappoport hebrew
rappoport session
rappoport learning
rappoport lexical
rappoport orig
conflicting
conflicting information
conflicting constraints
conflicting evidence
conflicting values
conflicting data
conflicting goals
grzegorz
grzegorz kondrak
grzegorz kong
grzegorz university
grzegorz acquiring
grzegorz marcu
notators
notators agree
notators agreed
notators often
notators would
notators identified
notators performed
connec
connec tives
connec tion
connec tive
connec tions
connec tors
connec orig
doctoral
doctoral dissertation
doctoral consortium
doctoral thesis
doctoral program
doctoral student
doctoral fund
evaluator
evaluator agreement
evaluator normalization
evaluator would
evaluator also
evaluator counted
evaluator must
informativeness
informativeness score
informativeness scores
informativeness based
informativeness measure
informativeness measures
informativeness evaluation
nathan
nathan schneider
nathan green
nathan chambers
nathan paris
nathan bell
nathan john
outer
outer loop
outer product
outer space
outer bound
outer layer
outer probabilities
rence
rence probabilities
rence frequency
rence statistics
rence counts
rence resolution
rence based
inconsistency
inconsistency among
inconsistency detection
inconsistency problem
inconsistency metric
inconsistency type
inconsistency types
outgoing
outgoing edges
outgoing arcs
outgoing edge
outgoing links
outgoing transitions
outgoing dominance
pursue
pursue research
pursue different
pursue another
pursue goals
pursue several
pursue specific
reads
reads like
reads well
reads input
reads movie
reads articles
reads better
substitutes
substitutes according
substitutes based
substitutes given
substitutes even
substitutes provided
substitutes suggested
violate
violate constituent
violate selectional
violate syntactic
violate basic
violate parse
violate rule
implemen
implemen tation
implemen tations
implemen orig
implemen framenet
implemen tational
implemen ters
madison
madison madison
madison avenue
madison university
madison square
madison passages
madison corpus
mission
mission critical
mission game
mission statement
mission oriented
mission station
mission value
quarter
quarter century
quarter teaching
quarter million
quarter past
quarter half
quarter long
rerank
rerank system
rerank orig
rerank baseline
rerank candidate
rerank outputs
rerank search
affairs
affairs environment
affairs foreign
affairs medical
affairs expressed
affairs health
affairs obtains
bioscope
bioscope corpus
bioscope training
bioscope annotation
bioscope might
bioscope abstracts
bioscope full
estonian
estonian language
estonian wordnet
estonian hungarian
estonian finnish
estonian english
estonian academy
heard
heard sentences
heard nothing
heard message
heard orig
heard enough
heard noise
hyperparameters
hyperparameters using
hyperparameters used
hyperparameters automatically
hyperparameters chosen
hyperparameters every
hyperparameters fixed
propagated
propagated back
propagated along
propagated throughout
propagated across
propagated errors
propagated gender
reserved
reserved order
reserved symbols
reserved character
reserved characters
reserved correction
reserved symbol
richardson
richardson texas
richardson william
richardson microsoft
richardson editor
richardson editors
richardson stephen
syntactical
syntactical information
syntactical features
syntactical analysis
syntactical structure
syntactical patterns
syntactical ambiguity
tomoko
tomoko ohta
tomoko sampo
accepting
accepting states
accepting state
accepting path
accepting paths
accepting computation
accepting runs
attributive
attributive adjectives
attributive adjective
attributive properties
attributive descriptions
attributive distinction
attributive uses
dark
dark blue
dark green
dark gray
dark brown
dark coffee
dark light
famous
famous people
famous example
famous person
famous names
famous persons
famous entities
giuseppe
giuseppe raymond
giuseppe riedel
giuseppe university
giuseppe joseph
loaded
loaded questions
loaded verbs
loaded interpretation
loaded interpretations
loaded onto
loaded terms
scanning
scanning interface
scanning service
scanning methods
scanning process
scanning interfaces
scanning mode
tradeoff
tradeoff curves
tradeoff parameter
tradeoff parameters
tradeoff graph
tradeoff curve
tradeoff across
abbreviated
abbreviated form
abbreviated forms
abbreviated word
abbreviated words
abbreviated version
abbreviated name
bender
bender university
bender emily
bender editors
bender scott
bender jonathan
bender francisco
breadth
breadth first
breadth depth
breadth requirement
breadth poses
breadth organization
breadth would
inves
inves orig
roberts
roberts robert
roberts michael
roberts roberts
roberts departure
roberts information
roberts university
stede
stede university
stede manfred
stede mark
stede potsdam
stede editors
stede universit¨at
commons
commons attribution
commons license
commons subset
commons word
commons attribute
commons collection
everyone
everyone pronominal
everyone else
everyone knows
everyone agreed
everyone involved
everyone left
honolulu
honolulu hawaii
honolulu october
honolulu united
honolulu oxford
honolulu city
honolulu failed
imperfect
imperfect substitute
imperfect knowledge
imperfect speech
imperfect input
imperfect information
imperfect tense
minister
minister gave
minister minister
minister said
minister margaret
minister robert
minister eduard
motivations
motivations behind
motivations underlying
motivations models
motivations applications
motivations american
motivations based
negations
negations negations
negations using
negations quantifiers
negations scope
negations also
negations anaphoric
proposing
proposing referents
proposing candidate
proposing possible
proposing three
proposing different
proposing solutions
registered
registered users
registered participants
registered sentence
registered sentences
registered automata
registered morphemes
summed
summed across
summed diagonal
summed together
summed deviation
summed weights
summed number
winter
winter alon
winter spring
winter months
winter winter
winter park
winter could
attaching
attaching multiple
attaching prepositional
attaching prepositions
attaching arguments
attaching probabilities
attaching action
berwick
berwick robert
berwick massachusetts
berwick steven
berwick editors
berwick computational
berwick generative
deverbal
deverbal nouns
deverbal noun
deverbal nominalizations
deverbal adjectives
deverbal argument
deverbal head
dure
dure described
dure used
dure similar
dure works
dure assessing
dure attempts
generalizes
generalizes well
generalizes better
generalizes across
generalizes many
generalizes previous
generalizes several
manuals
manuals written
manuals tend
manuals data
manuals edited
manuals exclusively
manuals general
sumption
sumption holds
sumption relation
sumption relations
sumption checking
sumption hierarchy
sumption made
trouble
trouble expressions
trouble understanding
trouble distinguishing
trouble getting
trouble expression
trouble type
definiteness
definiteness case
definiteness predictions
definiteness feature
definiteness information
definiteness person
definiteness definite
emerged
emerged recently
emerged around
emerged since
emerged however
emerged table
emerged tend
gruyter
gruyter berlin
gruyter mouton
gruyter pages
gruyter chapter
gruyter natural
gruyter studies
perl
perl script
perl scripts
perl module
perl program
perl code
perl regular
pullum
pullum geoffrey
pullum university
pullum ivan
pullum reviewed
pullum editors
pullum call
quinlan
quinlan john
quinlan ross
quinlan quinlan
quinlan person
quinlan university
scarce
scarce resources
scarce languages
scarce resource
scarce language
scarce training
scarce data
tified
tified using
tified noun
tified based
tified either
tified linear
tified three
underspecification
underspecification formalisms
underspecification construction
underspecification approach
underspecification formalism
underspecification alexander
underspecification csli
universit¨at
universit¨at stuttgart
universit¨at berlin
universit¨at potsdam
universit¨at hamburg
universit¨at heidelberg
universit¨at germany
criticism
criticism inference
criticism towards
criticism applies
criticism model
criticism class
criticism comment
dogs
dogs catch
dogs must
dogs orig
dogs cannot
dogs dogs
dogs figure
factuality
factuality values
factuality degree
factuality value
factuality analysis
factuality information
factuality markers
masc
masc word
masc corpus
masc project
masc words
masc freq
masc annotators
philippe
philippe thomas
philippe martin
philippe adam
philippe bernard
philippe franz
regional
regional meeting
regional variation
regional development
regional dialects
regional variations
regional government
domingos
domingos oren
domingos department
domingos stanley
domingos jason
domingos marc
domingos poon
lexicographers
lexicographers work
lexicographers working
lexicographers files
lexicographers experience
lexicographers file
lexicographers mutual
philosophical
philosophical logic
philosophical review
philosophical transactions
philosophical society
philosophical investigations
philosophical problems
cult
cult task
cult cases
cult problem
cult chinese
cult even
cult problems
domly
domly selected
domly chosen
domly sampled
domly select
domly selecting
domly generated
elec
elec tion
elec tions
elec tive
elec orig
elec tives
elec hotel
everyday
everyday life
everyday language
everyday conversation
everyday speech
everyday documents
everyday words
ious
ious types
ious ways
ious knowledge
ious features
ious aspects
ious domains
lessons
lessons learned
lessons learnt
lessons content
lessons dictionary
lessons according
lessons almost
maier
maier joakim
maier university
maier wolfgang
maier computer
maier sandra
maier andreas
untagged
untagged text
untagged corpus
untagged corpora
untagged data
untagged words
untagged texts
comme
comme nous
comme dans
comme suit
comme pour
comme corpus
comme complement
delta
delta function
delta method
delta tfidf
delta average
delta based
delta score
humor
humor recognition
humor generation
humor prosody
humor anchors
humor anchor
humor research
kawahara
kawahara maria
kawahara kyoto
kawahara daniel
kawahara national
kawahara junichi
kawahara andrew
lauri
lauri karttunen
lauri carlson
lauri jean
lauri koskenniemi
lauri kaplan
lauri ronald
occasionally
occasionally used
occasionally also
occasionally fail
occasionally found
occasionally include
occasionally occur
termed
termed text
termed static
termed contextual
termed hypothesis
termed unary
termed word
tification
tification task
tification using
tification accuracy
tification based
tification methods
tification process
assert
assert pradhan
assert identified
assert speech
assert equality
assert parser
assert action
awareness
awareness levels
awareness level
awareness model
awareness tweets
awareness amongst
awareness streams
container
container relation
container content
container relations
container concept
container entity
container framework
lars
lars nilsson
lars orig
lars analysis
lars approach
lars distance
lars extracted
pertaining
pertaining data
pertaining directly
pertaining disambiguation
pertaining exactly
pertaining knowledge
pertaining mark
agrees
agrees well
agrees less
agrees arguing
agrees better
agrees least
agrees maximally
datr
datr theory
datr theories
datr work
datr papers
datr lexicon
datr evans
hypertext
hypertext links
hypertext generation
hypertext anchors
hypertext link
hypertext document
hypertext pages
instructional
instructional text
instructional texts
instructional corpus
instructional compounds
instructional material
instructional materials
joining
joining grammar
joining grammars
joining terms
joining forces
joining term
joining algorithm
plemented
plemented using
plemented within
plemented parser
plemented three
plemented several
plemented based
propagate
propagate information
propagate labels
propagate features
propagate across
propagate affect
propagate consistent
ratinov
ratinov roth
ratinov university
ratinov nicholas
ratinov yoshua
ratinov jing
ratinov department
trast
trast relation
trast systems
trast achieve
trast examples
trast must
trast open
acting
acting upon
acting quite
acting together
acting like
acting according
acting alone
costa
costa paolo
costa pereira
costa francisco
costa alexandre
costa appendix
costa claudia
didates
didates using
didates based
didates extracted
didates according
didates produced
didates whose
downstream
downstream applications
downstream tasks
downstream processing
downstream task
downstream application
downstream applica
grand
grand sibling
grand parent
grand total
grand siblings
grand child
grand challenges
listening
listening oriented
listening agents
listening comprehension
listening test
listening tests
listening agent
ying
ying zhang
ying chen
ying zhao
ying cheng
ying huang
ying little
bears
bears similarity
bears certain
bears directly
bears similarities
bears many
bears upon
essence
essence also
essence equivalent
essence graphs
essence incorrect
essence problematic
essence programs
lucia
lucia specia
lucia strube
lucia nicola
sell
sell drive
sell frame
sell book
sell produce
sell share
sell strong
steyvers
steyvers david
steyvers richard
steyvers mark
steyvers brent
steyvers department
steyvers found
transi
transi tion
transi tions
transi tive
transi orig
transi tional
transi tively
communi
communi cation
communi ties
communi cate
communi cations
communi cated
communi cates
equiva
equiva orig
sees
sees mary
sees frank
sees rapid
sees alignment
sees bearing
sees dependency
varia
varia tion
varia tions
varia tional
varia orig
varia bles
varia bility
eyes
eyes free
eyes move
eyes aids
eyes returned
eyes look
eyes actually
hofmann
hofmann thorsten
hofmann thomas
hofmann bernhard
hofmann faculty
hofmann editors
hofmann florian
irony
irony detection
irony sarcasm
irony metaphor
irony corpus
irony newspaper
irony classification
receiving
receiving attention
receiving feedback
receiving increasing
receiving information
receiving input
receiving high
appropriateness
appropriateness conditions
appropriateness specification
appropriateness arcs
appropriateness ratings
appropriateness relations
appropriateness score
christof
christof monz
christof m¨uller
christof orig
christof science
extractors
extractors using
extractors based
extractors including
extractors performance
extractors precision
extractors used
facets
facets also
facets constrain
facets corresponding
facets derived
facets genre
facets global
misc
misc class
misc category
misc entities
misc adjectives
misc codes
misc adjective
pretty
pretty good
pretty much
pretty well
pretty high
pretty large
pretty sure
sleep
sleep orig
sleep sleep
sleep well
sleep past
sleep patterns
sleep node
specifi
specifi cally
specifi cation
specifi cations
specifi orig
specifi able
stating
stating whether
stating correspondences
stating equation
stating exactly
stating facts
stating infor
african
african languages
african american
african language
african national
african linguistics
african government
army
army research
army science
army general
army prime
army attack
army committee
bies
bies mark
bies baseline
bies martha
bies mona
bies linguistic
bies timothy
emily
emily pitler
emily bender
emily chen
emily annie
emily black
emily hill
termine
termine whether
termine semantic
termine dans
termine discourse
termine similarity
termine word
auxiliaries
auxiliaries adverbs
auxiliaries like
auxiliaries verbs
auxiliaries conjunctions
auxiliaries determiners
auxiliaries prepositions
profit
profit organizations
profit organization
profit prolog
profit terms
profit sharing
profit gain
shannon
shannon divergence
shannon entropy
shannon game
shannon laboratory
shannon information
shannon distance
solves
solves problems
solves problem
solves many
solves much
solves feature
solves morphological
traitement
traitement automatique
traitement auto
traitement automati
traitement nous
traitement audio
traitement automatic
voted
voted perceptron
voted language
voted cache
voted labels
voted stacked
voted upon
aligns
aligns well
aligns words
aligns every
aligns nodes
aligns sentences
aligns bilingual
depression
depression related
depression level
depression symptoms
depression term
depression users
depression disorders
dues
dues statement
dues mailing
dues payment
dues fund
dues back
dues dues
herbst
herbst luke
herbst evan
herbst hieu
herbst moses
herbst christine
herbst williams
loca
loca tion
loca tions
loca tive
loca tional
loca tives
loca orig
personalized
personalized pagerank
personalized search
personalized page
personalized annotation
personalized interactive
personalized information
traffic
traffic light
traffic zone
traffic safety
traffic control
traffic information
traffic signals
ablation
ablation study
ablation experiments
ablation tests
ablation results
ablation test
ablation studies
annie
annie louis
annie system
annie optimized
annie hall
annie annie
annie components
dominate
dominate high
dominate another
dominate computational
dominate lexical
dominate node
dominate nouns
equiv
equiv orig
equiv class
equiv equiv
equiv content
equiv argument
equiv case
fixing
fixing getting
fixing perceptron
fixing phase
fixing speech
fixing common
fixing errors
katakana
katakana words
katakana word
katakana noun
katakana characters
katakana kanji
katakana sequences
minimizes
minimizes loss
minimizes error
minimizes pairwise
minimizes grammar
minimizes parsing
minimizes ambiguity
puting
puting semantic
puting systems
puting machinery
puting pages
puting research
puting word
realised
realised using
realised within
realised either
realised subject
realised describes
realised form
scorer
scorer provided
scorer allows
scorer also
scorer used
scorer uses
scorer computes
converges
converges faster
converges quickly
converges much
converges within
converges around
converges fast
cooccurrence
cooccurrence based
cooccurrence statistics
cooccurrence probabilities
cooccurrence restrictions
cooccurrence information
cooccurrence data
crawled
crawled corpora
crawled data
crawled news
crawled documents
crawled corpus
crawled dictionaries
dicted
dicted labels
dicted class
dicted label
dicted mentions
dicted scores
dicted correctly
ebmt
ebmt system
ebmt systems
ebmt approach
ebmt ebmt
ebmt phrase
ebmt phrases
enrichment
enrichment methods
enrichment algorithm
enrichment process
enrichment tool
enrichment using
enrichment based
hearers
hearers beliefs
hearers belief
hearers mental
hearers knowledge
hearers focus
hearers attention
textbook
textbook corpus
textbook data
textbook sentences
textbook series
textbook dataset
textbook jurafsky
attracted
attracted much
attracted considerable
attracted attention
attracted interest
attracted increasing
attracted many
formalize
formalize semantic
formalize discourse
formalize lexical
formalize linguistic
formalize relations
formalize text
recipient
recipient dative
recipient language
recipient case
recipient design
recipient theme
recipient topic
zaidan
zaidan callison
zaidan jason
zaidan editors
zaidan chris
zaidan center
zaidan johns
explorations
explorations newsletter
explorations volume
explorations pages
explorations within
explorations special
explorations along
harmony
harmony patterns
harmony rule
harmony applies
harmony marks
harmony value
harmony process
mentioning
mentioning expressions
mentioning another
mentioning constructions
mentioning entities
mentioning expression
mentioning however
murphy
murphy thomas
murphy gregory
murphy brian
murphy system
murphy centre
murphy eduard
opposition
opposition type
opposition relations
opposition relation
opposition computational
opposition category
opposition bear
weld
weld michael
weld alexander
weld exploiting
weld luke
weld also
weld automatic
grenoble
grenoble france
grenoble university
grenoble laboratory
grenoble grenoble
grenoble group
grenoble january
maximally
maximally specific
maximally similar
maximally informative
maximally coherent
maximally general
maximally ambiguous
mere
mere presence
mere fact
mere listing
mere syntactic
mere word
mere existence
meyer
meyer editors
meyer hieu
meyer david
meyer bonnie
meyer found
meyer heidelberg
minus
minus sign
minus syntactic
minus twice
minus average
minus polarity
minus signs
omission
omission errors
omission problem
omission type
omission error
omission corrections
omission addition
pushed
pushed onto
pushed back
pushed millions
pushed apart
pushed right
pushed towards
schank
schank roger
schank computer
schank department
schank wilks
schank comprehension
schank conceptual
ahmed
ahmed hassan
ahmed sebastian
ahmed ahmed
ahmed eric
ahmed mohamed
ahmed croft
entailments
entailments para
entailments paraphrases
entailments based
entailments associated
entailments bill
entailments correct
misspelled
misspelled words
misspelled word
misspelled queries
misspelled terms
misspelled string
misspelled input
olivier
olivier editors
olivier patrick
olivier also
olivier andrew
olivier bernard
olivier bernhard
sophia
sophia ananiadou
sophia bulgaria
sophia university
sophia elizabeth
sophia pour
sophia recommendations
vpcs
vpcs based
vpcs consist
vpcs like
vpcs according
vpcs adult
vpcs children
afterwards
afterwards attribute
afterwards classify
afterwards gives
afterwards infer
afterwards presented
afterwards several
anders
anders green
anders else
anders anders
anders coref
anders hoffmann
anders host
fang
fang kong
fang zheng
fang city
fang daily
fang chung
fang peng
resembles
resembles standard
resembles human
resembles previous
resembles snow
resembles work
resembles bottom
cloud
cloud based
cloud computing
cloud nine
cloud platform
cloud state
cloud amount
histogram
histogram pruning
histogram based
histogram shows
histogram showing
histogram beam
histogram methods
inventories
inventories using
inventories based
inventories derived
inventories hovy
inventories show
inventories also
nugues
nugues department
nugues efficient
nugues pierre
nugues closest
nugues covers
nugues editor
petr
petr simon
petr came
subsumes
subsumes another
subsumes part
subsumes several
subsumes many
subsumes various
subsumes previous
systran
systran orig
systran systran
systran software
systran system
systran uedin
systran edinburgh
−→
−→ −→
−→ prep
−→ orig
−→ contiguous
−→ lisbon
−→ mary
authored
authored texts
authored text
authored summaries
authored summary
authored documents
authored reference
custom
custom built
custom made
custom features
custom annotation
custom code
custom dictionary
genuine
genuine ambiguity
genuine similarity
genuine differences
genuine errors
genuine ambiguities
genuine disagreement
hypoth
hypoth orig
hypoth list
lance
lance ramshaw
lance miller
lance system
lance process
lance acronyms
lance application
meanwhile
meanwhile since
meanwhile determine
meanwhile figure
meanwhile many
meanwhile though
meanwhile called
morante
morante vincent
morante roser
morante university
morante walter
morante anthony
morante caroline
refining
refining event
refining rhetorical
refining rule
refining process
refining existing
refining word
sussex
sussex brighton
sussex university
sussex united
sussex peter
sussex england
sussex cognitive
uedin
uedin syntax
uedin phrase
uedin participation
uedin uedin
uedin university
uedin williams
𝑖
catalog
catalog number
catalog numbers
catalog ordering
catalog catalog
catalog domain
catalog linguistic
edus
edus within
edus based
edus containing
edus elementary
edus form
edus spans
evert
evert university
evert stefan
evert ulrich
evert paul
evert andreas
evert found
pling
pling method
pling algorithm
pling koehn
pling approach
pling methods
pling scheme
plug
plug corpus
plug ging
plug leads
plug link
plug orig
plug project
reduc
reduc tion
reduc tions
reduc orig
reduc subj
reduc points
reduc reduc
snomed
snomed clinical
snomed international
snomed concepts
snomed orig
snomed training
snomed categories
unpublished
unpublished manuscript
unpublished doctoral
unpublished paper
unpublished work
unpublished draft
unpublished details
duffy
duffy convolution
duffy collins
duffy motor
duffy david
duffy acoustic
duffy editors
icant
icant improvements
icant improvement
icant differences
icant difference
icant amount
icant performance
jose
jose california
jose maria
jose state
jose mari
jose gabriel
jose university
novice
novice users
novice user
novice writers
novice subjects
novice annotators
novice expert
swiss
swiss german
swiss national
swiss federal
swiss accounts
swiss army
swiss dialect
ware
ware available
ware engineering
ware package
ware requirements
ware tool
ware tools
wife
wife father
wife likes
wife generation
wife mother
wife poss
wife barbara
cabulary
cabulary size
cabulary acquisition
cabulary words
cabulary continuous
cabulary items
cabulary speech
descending
descending order
descending path
descending frequency
descending paths
descending list
descending lists
isomorphic
isomorphic tree
isomorphic structure
isomorphic parse
isomorphic structures
isomorphic grammars
isomorphic score
shortcomings
shortcomings related
shortcomings arise
shortcomings callison
shortcomings discussed
shortcomings either
shortcomings first
succeeds
succeeds another
succeeds last
succeeds since
succeeds even
succeeds leading
succeeds returning
terances
terances containing
terances produced
terances according
terances based
terances using
terances within
thermore
thermore since
thermore although
thermore alternate
thermore bayesian
thermore careful
thermore extensible
whilst
whilst still
whilst also
whilst others
whilst retaining
whilst keeping
whilst maintaining
acter
acter level
acter sequence
acter bigrams
acter sequences
acter recognition
acter strings
introductory
introductory course
introductory chapter
introductory text
introductory courses
introductory material
introductory computer
isabelle
isabelle pierre
isabelle xerox
isabelle national
isabelle marc
isabelle using
isabelle also
kate
kate forbes
kate byrne
kate university
kate department
kate edward
kate junichi
mccord
mccord michael
mccord treating
mccord design
mccord anaphora
mccord department
mccord john
practices
practices used
practices guided
practices include
practices including
practices although
practices among
subsections
subsections describe
subsections present
subsections discuss
subsections explain
subsections briefly
subsections detail
delaware
delaware computer
delaware robert
delaware june
delaware david
delaware martha
delaware editorial
gabriel
gabriel murray
gabriel parent
gabriel pereira
gabriel richard
gabriel seem
gabriel domingos
markable
markable identification
markable detection
markable expressions
markable level
markable pair
markable pairs
platforms
platforms like
platforms allow
platforms based
platforms including
platforms used
platforms aiming
preface
preface welcome
preface program
preface general
preface programme
preface recent
preface named
sequentially
sequentially applied
sequentially structured
sequentially ordered
sequentially connected
sequentially linked
sequentially processed
tall
tall orig
tall tall
tall building
tall dark
tall long
tall trees
winner
winner take
winner takes
winner among
winner sense
winner received
winner form
albeit
albeit less
albeit small
albeit using
albeit without
albeit much
albeit noisy
arity
arity predicates
arity prolog
arity four
arity relations
arity constraints
arity greater
commitment
commitment based
commitment extraction
commitment towards
commitment assumptions
commitment extracted
commitment pairs
disfluency
disfluency detection
disfluency removal
disfluency prediction
disfluency features
disfluency correction
disfluency detec
eager
eager transition
eager parser
eager system
eager algorithm
eager model
eager dependency
impression
impression values
impression keywords
impression lexicon
impression model
impression value
impression based
justify
justify using
justify whether
justify relation
justify answers
justify either
justify list
potsdam
potsdam germany
potsdam university
potsdam commentary
potsdam sentence
potsdam potsdam
potsdam coreference
treelet
treelet translation
treelet system
treelet approach
treelet string
treelet language
treelet pairs
bateman
bateman john
bateman robert
bateman thomas
bateman university
bateman christian
bateman paris
conse
conse quently
conse quence
conse quences
conse quent
conse orig
conse ensuring
drawbacks
drawbacks first
drawbacks including
drawbacks gate
drawbacks include
drawbacks mentioned
drawbacks associ
initiated
initiated dialogue
initiated clarification
initiated research
initiated self
initiated dialogs
initiated repair
italics
italics indicate
italics show
italics added
italics denote
italics mark
italics mine
mildly
mildly context
mildly supervised
mildly negative
mildly relevant
mildly associated
mildly extended
rently
rently available
rently used
rently investigating
rently implemented
rently developing
rently exploring
arts
arts humanities
arts university
arts picture
arts computing
arts sciences
arts skills
bining
bining local
bining multiple
bining lexical
bining features
bining information
bining acoustic
incompatible
incompatible annotation
incompatible data
incompatible values
incompatible types
incompatible agreement
incompatible annotations
lake
lake city
lake canada
lake ontario
lake system
lake lake
lake near
multiplied
multiplied together
multiplied along
multiplied beyond
multiplied conjoined
multiplied cost
multiplied first
retaining
retaining topics
retaining information
retaining multiple
retaining enough
retaining high
retaining others
ulrich
ulrich block
ulrich michael
ulrich gabriel
ulrich german
ulrich giuseppe
ulrich might
discarding
discarding sentences
discarding irrelevant
discarding every
discarding stop
discarding features
discarding potentially
engage
engage ment
engage students
engage users
engage children
engage command
engage directly
plementation
plementation details
plementation described
plementation available
plementation issues
plementation achieves
plementation could
rhyme
rhyme scheme
rhyme schemes
rhyme density
rhyme onset
rhyme types
rhyme detection
terance
terance boundaries
terance level
terance segmentation
terance based
terance length
terance window
compensate
compensate adequately
compensate appropriately
compensate appropri
compensate better
compensate component
compensate computational
correc
correc tion
correc tions
correc orig
correc tive
correc tors
correc solutions
paraphrased
paraphrased sentence
paraphrased using
paraphrased sentences
paraphrased chapters
paraphrased fragment
paraphrased references
serving
serving multiple
serving different
serving indian
serving beer
serving food
serving operators
skill
skill level
skill statements
skill levels
skill acquisition
skill types
skill verbs
stricted
stricted coreference
stricted text
stricted texts
stricted domain
stricted domains
stricted version
subse
subse quent
subse quently
subse quence
subse quences
subse orig
agarwal
agarwal owen
agarwal department
agarwal ravi
agarwal columbia
agarwal daniel
agarwal lavie
appropri
appropri orig
enjoy
enjoy reading
enjoy book
enjoy using
enjoy finish
enjoy able
enjoy discussing
interlingual
interlingual representation
interlingual links
interlingual index
interlingual machine
interlingual approach
interlingual features
kennedy
kennedy christopher
kennedy boguraev
kennedy montreal
kennedy born
kennedy president
kennedy space
sation
sation frames
sation using
sation frame
sation techniques
sation information
sation problem
constantin
constantin evan
constantin marcello
constantin alexandra
constantin brooke
constantin bunescu
constantin christine
crawl
crawl corpus
crawl data
crawl corpora
crawl crawl
crawl orig
crawl parallel
eating
eating disorders
eating lunch
eating reading
eating event
eating frame
eating something
makoto
makoto nagao
makoto tsujii
makoto advanced
makoto location
makoto tanaka
makoto yamada
mstparser
mstparser mcdonald
mstparser mstparser
mstparser maltparser
mstparser model
mstparser uses
mstparser using
narayanan
narayanan bing
narayanan university
narayanan jurafsky
narayanan signal
narayanan speech
narayanan icsi
optimisation
optimisation problem
optimisation algorithm
optimisation process
optimisation model
optimisation technique
optimisation procedure
slovene
slovene dependency
slovene spanish
slovene words
slovene english
slovene language
slovene swedish
soderland
soderland daniel
soderland matt
soderland oren
soderland matthew
soderland robert
soderland joseph
viii
viii conference
viii workshop
viii pages
viii table
viii program
viii anne
adopts
adopts dependency
adopts different
adopts similar
adopts supervised
adopts along
adopts divide
conveys
conveys information
conveys less
conveys meaning
conveys positive
conveys affect
conveys complex
decipherment
decipherment problem
decipherment training
decipherment accuracy
decipherment problems
decipherment approach
decipherment method
generalisation
generalisation accuracy
generalisation performance
generalisation error
generalisation errors
generalisation procedure
generalisation step
lluis
lluis marquez
lluis stefan
lluis xavier
lluis forthcoming
lluis mihai
lluis technical
markert
markert university
markert data
markert lluis
markert school
markert david
markert personal
optionally
optionally followed
optionally intransitive
optionally used
optionally apply
optionally contain
optionally include
paola
paola merlo
paola speaking
paola suzanne
paola matthew
paola menlo
paola roberto
picking
picking words
picking sentences
picking another
picking appropriate
picking information
picking pears
supertagger
supertagger assigns
supertagger beam
supertagger model
supertagger accuracy
supertagger clark
supertagger uses
burstein
burstein educational
burstein daniel
burstein editors
burstein joel
burstein martin
burstein karen
catego
catego rization
catego ries
catego orig
catego included
catego organizations
catego rise
exploitation
exploitation trade
exploitation pages
exploitation papers
exploitation gale
exploitation phase
exploitation proceedings
inui
inui kentaro
inui yuji
inui japan
inui pierre
inui addressing
inui greg
investigates
investigates whether
investigates methods
investigates novel
investigates syntactic
investigates computational
investigates properties
lowercase
lowercase letters
lowercase letter
lowercase words
lowercase bleu
lowercase word
lowercase form
misleading
misleading since
misleading information
misleading results
misleading however
misleading source
misleading training
realizer
realizer white
realizer takes
realizer based
realizer systems
realizer elhadad
realizer jeffrey
resort
resort instead
resort corresponding
resort orig
resort since
resort area
resort evidence
scribes
scribes previous
scribes related
scribes several
scribes another
scribes experiments
scribes whether
spellings
spellings abbreviations
spellings indicate
spellings tend
spellings using
spellings appear
spellings associated
brennan
brennan friedman
brennan susan
brennan marilyn
brennan clark
brennan stanford
brennan figure
pants
pants could
pants must
pants also
pants rated
pants read
pants typically
sampo
sampo pyysalo
sampo research
symptom
symptom name
symptom chains
symptom relationships
symptom description
symptom names
symptom descriptions
alberta
alberta canada
alberta edmonton
alberta standard
alberta university
alberta martha
alberta table
annealing
annealing schedule
annealing structural
annealing techniques
annealing algorithm
annealing search
annealing struc
cedure
cedure described
cedure used
cedure based
cedure outlined
cedure similar
cedure allows
conjecture
conjecture grammar
conjecture based
conjecture given
conjecture however
conjecture would
conjecture also
misses
misses many
misses important
misses less
misses using
misses dale
misses hits
govern
govern ment
govern ments
govern mental
govern sentiment
govern orig
govern tense
jersey
jersey lawrence
jersey prentice
jersey institute
jersey pages
jersey june
jersey march
normalised
normalised tokens
normalised version
normalised form
normalised pointwise
normalised forms
normalised probabilities
bilistic
bilistic models
bilistic model
bilistic context
bilistic finite
bilistic latent
bilistic parsing
caroline
caroline anthony
caroline thomson
caroline bush
caroline smith
caroline corpus
caroline mirella
coercion
coercion operation
coercion rules
coercion rule
coercion relation
coercion operations
coercion pustejovsky
discharge
discharge summaries
discharge summary
discharge letters
discharge notes
discharge rules
discharge reports
fort
fort vincent
fort worth
fort required
fort collins
fort olivier
fort needed
innovation
innovation center
innovation programme
innovation program
innovation centre
innovation grant
innovation framework
jos´e
jos´e carlos
jos´e gabriel
jos´e bernardo
jos´e maria
jos´e antonio
jos´e david
leader
leader detection
leader play
leader detec
leader dogs
leader board
leader orig
mismatches
mismatches occur
mismatches arise
mismatches caused
mismatches could
mismatches discussion
mismatches equally
namic
namic programming
namic program
namic pooling
namic bayesian
namic logic
namic time
sieve
sieve coreference
sieve approach
sieve based
sieve pass
sieve architecture
sieve coref
temporally
temporally related
temporally ordered
temporally annotated
temporally enhanced
temporally aligned
temporally anchored
triplets
triplets classification
triplets extracted
triplets involving
triplets occurring
triplets consisting
triplets using
bags
bags number
bags made
bags mentioned
bags agree
bags associated
bags bags
blum
blum executive
blum mitchell
blum benjamin
blum eugene
blum http
blum jeffrey
dollars
dollars drawn
dollars calculated
dollars unless
dollars swiss
dollars converted
dollars less
gatt
gatt university
gatt albert
gatt belz
gatt franc
gatt ehud
gatt alexander
isting
isting systems
isting approaches
isting resources
isting methods
isting work
isting algorithms
recognising
recognising textual
recognising nested
recognising multiword
recognising named
recognising entailment
recognising among
registers
registers text
registers within
registers used
registers whose
registers dimension
registers would
bates
bates bolt
bates daniel
bates martin
bates noah
bates michael
bates paul
buttons
buttons predicting
buttons next
buttons corresponding
buttons allow
buttons appear
buttons argument
displaying
displaying text
displaying information
displaying microblog
displaying results
displaying also
displaying data
orange
orange labs
orange line
orange square
orange green
orange orig
orange measure
pears
pears sentence
pears twice
pears among
pears quite
pears within
pears essential
phonotactic
phonotactic constraints
phonotactic knowledge
phonotactic models
phonotactic patterns
phonotactic learning
phonotactic cues
ployed
ployed spoken
ployed supervised
ployed system
ployed along
ployed feature
ployed fully
sales
sales ranking
sales agent
sales department
sales director
sales price
sales reached
theo
theo ries
theo orig
theo default
theo gets
theo goal
theo linguist
dune
dune part
dune langue
dune base
dune analyse
dune application
dune relation
holders
holders using
holders targets
holders topics
holders opinion
holders aaai
holders choi
ified
ified version
ified kneser
ified semantic
ified using
ified corpus
ified lexical
langue
langue franc
langue dans
langue dialogue
langue source
langue pour
langue sont
recipe
recipe type
recipe text
recipe action
recipe domain
recipe corpus
recipe level
samuel
samuel fernando
samuel johnson
samuel sandra
samuel cruz
samuel ritter
samuel taylor
schwenk
schwenk jean
schwenk anthony
schwenk daniel
schwenk university
schwenk florian
schwenk font
bernhard
bernhard limsi
bernhard anne
bernhard stephen
bernhard university
bernhard isabelle
bernhard bernhard
chapman
chapman hall
chapman david
chapman john
chapman university
chapman rebecca
chapman computer
definitely
definitely show
definitely less
definitely worth
definitely improve
definitely meant
definitely needed
oovs
oovs running
oovs using
oovs full
oovs based
oovs since
oovs directly
organised
organised around
organised text
organised according
organised along
organised hierarchically
organised lexicon
sary
sary information
sary meeting
sary condition
sary since
sary data
sary terms
universite
universite paris
universite paul
universite joseph
universite toulouse
universite franc
universite henry
burden
burden associated
burden consisting
burden involved
burden placed
burden would
burden alone
depart
depart ment
depart city
depart time
depart ments
depart date
depart range
lucene
lucene search
lucene index
lucene classifier
lucene http
lucene queries
lucene based
norwegian
norwegian computing
norwegian university
norwegian swedish
norwegian danish
norwegian polish
norwegian data
ordinal
ordinal regression
ordinal numbers
ordinal scale
ordinal number
ordinal data
ordinal classification
sutton
sutton michael
sutton andrew
sutton david
sutton mccallum
sutton university
sutton laura
trip
trip translation
trip translations
trip tasks
trip around
trip type
trip machine
edmonds
edmonds editors
edmonds algorithm
edmonds philip
edmonds adam
edmonds algo
edmonds andreas
entering
entering text
entering data
entering chinese
entering dates
entering questions
entering scene
integers
integers referring
integers representing
integers represent
integers using
integers corresponding
integers denote
labeler
labeler trained
labeler agreement
labeler reliability
labeler using
labeler based
labeler described
m¨uller
m¨uller stefan
m¨uller editor
m¨uller helmut
m¨uller european
m¨uller free
m¨uller thomas
unifying
unifying framework
unifying wordnet
unifying approach
unifying themes
unifying view
unifying local
babelnet
babelnet navigli
babelnet building
babelnet synset
babelnet synsets
babelnet sense
babelnet senses
begun
begun work
begun exploring
begun building
begun investigating
begun looking
begun testing
bind
bind ings
bind mechanism
bind together
bind variables
bind assumption
bind pronouns
carpuat
carpuat xavier
carpuat national
carpuat hong
carpuat center
carpuat emily
carpuat university
decod
decod orig
discrepancy
discrepancy could
discrepancy function
discrepancy distance
discrepancy might
discrepancy functions
discrepancy resolution
hedges
hedges indicate
hedges like
hedges used
hedges based
hedges constitute
hedges dependencies
nominalization
nominalization patterns
nominalization paraphrases
nominalization affinity
nominalization candidate
nominalization occurrences
nominalization pairs
radu
radu soricut
radu florian
radu sion
radu marcu
radu choosing
radu state
sponds
sponds directly
sponds exactly
sponds well
sponds across
sponds approximately
sponds closely
subclasses
subclasses according
subclasses respectively
subclasses completely
subclasses denoting
subclasses engine
subclasses figure
timebank
timebank corpus
timebank pustejovsky
timebank dense
timebank penn
timebank documents
timebank timebank
tong
tong zhang
tong university
tong xiao
tong wang
tong editors
tong richard
treetagger
treetagger schmid
treetagger tool
treetagger error
treetagger http
treetagger chunker
treetagger part
crouch
crouch john
crouch stefan
crouch mary
crouch richard
crouch parc
crouch ronald
equipment
equipment corporation
equipment failure
equipment corp
equipment food
equipment maintenance
equipment repair
eurowordnet
eurowordnet vossen
eurowordnet project
eurowordnet database
eurowordnet general
eurowordnet base
eurowordnet synsets
gerard
gerard salton
gerard editor
gerard james
gerard eduard
gerard elena
gerard lluis
preserves
preserves information
preserves local
preserves correctness
preserves decomposition
preserves meaning
preserves semantic
bernard
bernard lang
bernard editor
bernard smith
bernard jones
bernard scott
bernard rosner
executive
executive committee
executive director
executive board
executive summary
executive vice
executive editor
mori
mori editors
mori manfred
mori kyoto
mori chin
mori department
mori efficient
nearby
nearby words
nearby points
nearby vertices
nearby context
nearby sentences
nearby labeled
tongue
tongue problem
tongue body
tongue phenomenon
tongue root
tongue height
tongue motion
typi
typi cally
typi orig
typi fying
analytic
analytic languages
analytic scheme
analytic solution
analytic approach
analytic tools
analytic language
ancient
ancient greek
ancient chinese
ancient texts
ancient poetry
ancient languages
ancient documents
band
band width
band pass
band band
band english
band members
band tape
jobs
jobs death
jobs also
jobs dataset
jobs corpus
jobs database
jobs tang
judg
judg ments
judg ment
judg orig
judg kill
judg mental
lowe
lowe john
lowe computer
lowe university
lowe mary
lowe david
lowe discusses
margaret
margaret mitchell
margaret king
margaret univ
margaret editor
margaret heritage
margaret miyao
prominence
prominence assignment
prominence prediction
prominence labeling
prominence ranking
prominence based
prominence relations
sgml
sgml tags
sgml format
sgml markup
sgml documents
sgml based
sgml mark
stent
stent mark
stent franc
stent scott
stent patrick
stent yahoo
stent department
evan
evan herbst
evan jones
evan chen
evan frank
evan klein
evan wright
sages
sages using
sages sent
sages without
sages based
sages containing
sages discussed
somehow
somehow related
somehow similar
somehow connected
somehow different
somehow relevant
somehow involved
spine
spine parser
spine graph
spine node
spine adjunction
spine nodes
spine pair
unspecified
unspecified values
unspecified object
unspecified value
unspecified feature
unspecified parts
unspecified relation
dead
dead ends
dead line
dead metaphors
dead language
dead languages
dead wrong
founded
founded framework
founded approach
founded sets
founded grammars
founded orig
founded probabilistic
malay
malay word
malay derivational
malay indonesian
malay morphology
malay sentence
malay morphological
ontario
ontario canada
ontario london
ontario graduate
ontario institute
ontario june
ontario dordrecht
phonetics
phonetics phonology
phonetics university
phonetics laboratory
phonetics saarland
phonetics based
phonetics interface
shifted
shifted towards
shifted onto
shifted away
shifted focus
shifted toward
shifted word
simard
simard michel
simard national
simard nicola
simard embedding
simard pierre
simard george
soricut
soricut lucia
soricut radu
soricut nguyen
soricut richard
soricut daniel
soricut google
topology
topology based
topology model
topology number
topology sharing
topology induced
topology interface
tracker
tracker output
tracker performance
tracker based
tracker provided
tracker also
tracker data
widespread
widespread application
widespread acceptance
widespread usage
widespread interest
widespread phenomenon
widespread agreement
consequent
consequent state
consequent item
consequent part
consequent clause
consequent node
consequent clauses
horn
horn clauses
horn clause
horn feature
horn logic
horn rules
horn extended
maccartney
maccartney christopher
maccartney michel
maccartney bill
maccartney marie
maccartney manning
maccartney daniel
meng
meng soon
meng wang
meng zhang
meng hwee
meng chinese
meng paola
watch
watch view
watch watch
watch orig
watch videos
watch look
watch project
africa
africa africa
africa south
africa earthquake
africa university
africa america
africa asia
arnold
arnold london
arnold university
arnold doug
arnold smith
arnold languages
arnold editors
compari
compari sons
compari orig
hook
hook target
hook corpus
hook words
hook word
hook corpora
hook noun
induc
induc tion
induc tive
induc tively
induc graph
induc orig
induc pred
managed
managed using
managed systematically
managed articulation
managed corpus
managed independently
managed initial
motor
motor control
motor speech
motor verbs
motor adaptation
motor programming
motor skills
recur
recur sive
recur rent
recur sion
recur orig
recur rence
recur ring
rudnicky
rudnicky carnegie
rudnicky school
rudnicky language
rudnicky alexander
rudnicky computer
rudnicky john
schools
schools across
schools collection
schools entry
schools like
schools begin
schools closed
understandable
understandable since
understandable given
understandable text
understandable english
understandable user
understandable although
conform
conform best
conform better
conform entirely
conform grammars
conform ones
conform roughly
deductive
deductive parsing
deductive system
deductive systems
deductive closure
deductive approach
deductive inference
guiding
guiding semi
guiding principle
guiding parser
guiding principles
guiding structure
guiding features
hierarchically
hierarchically structured
hierarchically organized
hierarchically ordered
hierarchically related
hierarchically split
hierarchically aligned
szpakowicz
szpakowicz university
szpakowicz marie
szpakowicz summarizing
szpakowicz peter
szpakowicz school
szpakowicz editors
loosely
loosely based
loosely tree
loosely coupled
loosely related
loosely defined
loosely speaking
nagata
nagata edward
nagata deal
nagata language
nagata string
nagata also
nagata consider
offering
offering information
offering different
offering fast
offering game
offering level
offering specific
sparck
sparck jones
sparck total
avons
avons avons
avons dans
avons cette
avons defini
avons entre
avons examine
converts
converts english
converts japanese
converts source
converts text
converts html
converts pinyin
dallas
dallas richardson
dallas texas
dallas summer
dallas human
dallas card
dallas dallas
dividual
dividual words
dividual sentences
dividual features
dividual models
dividual classifiers
dividual word
lisa
lisa anne
lisa feldman
lisa harper
lisa hoffmann
lisa green
lisa authoring
modularity
modularity function
modularity constraint
modularity allows
modularity hypothesis
modularity makes
modularity oriented
pitler
pitler annie
pitler university
pitler emily
pitler paul
pitler computer
pitler massimo
prevalent
prevalent among
prevalent senses
prevalent approaches
prevalent classes
prevalent problem
prevalent sense
recovering
recovering empty
recovering implicit
recovering latent
recovering dropped
recovering long
recovering coherent
stars
stars exploiting
stars graph
stars improving
stars indicate
stars exploit
stars predicting
tributions
tributions across
tributions include
tributions part
tributions play
tributions tend
tributions algorithm
useless
useless rules
useless nonterminals
useless states
useless features
useless information
useless productions
alias
alias feature
alias lists
alias detection
alias phenomenon
alias table
alias tables
bruno
bruno martins
bruno magnini
bruno marco
bruno pereira
calculations
calculations used
calculations based
calculations need
calculations could
calculations accounted
calculations although
commit
commit ment
commit ments
commit orig
commit ting
commit criteria
commit errors
discrimina
discrimina tive
discrimina tion
discrimina tively
discrimina tory
discrimina orig
discrimina tors
inequality
inequality constraints
inequality holds
inequality follows
inequality constraint
inequality literals
inequality uses
merges
merges clusters
merges information
merges word
merges words
merges pairs
merges several
psycholinguistics
psycholinguistics literature
psycholinguistics edited
psycholinguistics covers
psycholinguistics pages
psycholinguistics together
psycholinguistics learning
rosner
rosner unless
rosner university
rosner mail
rosner standing
rosner dept
rosner editor
sensible
sensible approach
sensible interpretation
sensible choice
sensible extended
sensible results
sensible baseline
tomorrow
tomorrow morning
tomorrow night
tomorrow orig
tomorrow next
tomorrow destination
tomorrow last
ullman
ullman jeffrey
ullman introduction
ullman laboratory
ullman principles
umass
umass system
umass stanford
umass model
umass technical
umass dataset
umass measure
ducing
ducing word
ducing semantic
ducing features
ducing multilingual
ducing annotation
ducing gazetteers
highlighting
highlighting words
highlighting display
highlighting important
highlighting keywords
highlighting differences
highlighting relevant
indiana
indiana university
indiana state
indiana indiana
indiana univ
indiana linguistics
indiana verb
potheses
potheses generated
potheses alignment
potheses produced
potheses graph
potheses according
potheses based
probabili
probabili ties
probabili orig
probabili definition
probabili models
probabili since
wind
wind speed
wind energy
wind direction
wind data
wind statements
wind phrase
hamburg
hamburg germany
hamburg university
hamburg metaphor
hamburg department
hamburg dependency
hamburg hamburg
header
header information
header trees
header variable
header file
header constraints
header field
pounds
pounds rand
pounds using
pounds paid
pounds whose
pounds applying
pounds complex
slice
slice sampling
slice sampler
slice raise
slice analysis
slice captures
slice contains
arising
arising among
arising problems
arising arti
arising challenges
arising directly
arising distance
lenge
lenge workshop
lenge task
lenge data
lenge evaluation
lenge lies
lenge belz
naturalness
naturalness scores
naturalness ratings
naturalness across
naturalness evaluation
naturalness scale
naturalness score
odds
odds ratio
odds ratios
odds score
odds feature
odds wordnet
odds scores
syllabic
syllabic words
syllabic structure
syllabic units
syllabic segmentation
syllabic blocks
syllabic unit
tsuruoka
tsuruoka junichi
tsuruoka yusuke
tsuruoka tsujii
tsuruoka sophia
tsuruoka john
tsuruoka university
accumulated
accumulated weight
accumulated knowledge
accumulated evidence
accumulated distance
accumulated score
accumulated count
backing
backing although
backing benefit
backing cannot
backing change
backing cleaning
backing clusters
bible
bible translations
bible corpus
bible society
bible translation
bible text
bible texts
editions
editions respectively
editions using
editions available
editions bringing
editions collected
editions concerned
grain
grain size
grain topic
grain sizes
grain count
grain syntactic
grain match
import
import ance
import corp
import filters
import data
import formats
import linguistic
linearization
linearization rules
linearization record
linearization terms
linearization based
linearization hierarchical
linearization algorithm
schlangen
schlangen university
schlangen helmut
schlangen sabine
schlangen david
schlangen cascaded
schlangen department
sunday
sunday june
sunday august
sunday october
sunday july
sunday september
sunday april
waiting
waiting time
waiting room
waiting times
waiting period
waiting list
waiting long
celex
celex lexical
celex database
celex data
celex lexicon
celex english
celex dataset
cruz
cruz california
cruz santa
cruz william
cruz abstract
cruz cambridge
cruz jose
earthquake
earthquake event
earthquake detector
earthquake events
earthquake using
earthquake based
earthquake domain
tightly
tightly coupled
tightly integrated
tightly linked
tightly related
tightly connected
tightly packed
accents
accents phrase
accents within
accents boundary
accents followed
accents respectively
accents cannot
atis
atis corpus
atis domain
atis data
atis task
atis spoken
atis grammar
bernardo
bernardo magnini
bernardo mari
bernardo carlo
bernardo maier
bernardo szpektor
bernardo believes
lakoff
lakoff george
lakoff johnson
lakoff andreas
lakoff jane
lakoff lakoff
lakoff university
lappin
lappin editor
lappin classifying
lappin editors
lappin alex
lappin anaphora
lappin department
melbourne
melbourne australia
melbourne university
melbourne museum
melbourne florida
melbourne melbourne
melbourne diana
roser
roser morante
roser marc
roser anthony
roser mark
roser vincent
yamamoto
yamamoto church
yamamoto take
yamamoto university
yamamoto department
yamamoto frank
yamamoto yuji
discus
discus sion
discus sions
discus orig
discus disk
discus title
dropping
dropping words
dropping features
dropping parts
dropping accents
dropping acyclic
dropping adding
ency
ency parsing
ency trees
ency detection
ency relations
ency based
ency parser
holmes
holmes bernhard
holmes novels
holmes corpus
holmes david
holmes data
holmes geoffrey
poly
poly orig
poly lingual
poly kernel
poly syllabic
poly time
poly graphs
typological
typological features
typological studies
typological properties
typological frequency
typological data
typological feature
wednesday
wednesday june
wednesday april
wednesday july
wednesday morning
wednesday october
wednesday august
arithmetic
arithmetic mean
arithmetic word
arithmetic operations
arithmetic average
arithmetic means
arithmetic problems
fabio
fabio massimo
fabio james
fabio received
fabio michael
ficult
ficult task
ficult problem
ficult cases
ficult since
ficult words
ficult even
prose
prose fixing
prose fiction
prose style
prose generation
prose texts
prose genres
thors
thors total
thors report
thors native
thors would
thors also
thors find
bars
bars show
bars indicate
bars represent
bars represents
bars correspond
bars denote
continuum
continuum london
continuum rather
continuum international
continuum measure
continuum ranging
continuum temperature
farkas
farkas jennifer
farkas thomas
farkas institute
farkas university
farkas human
farkas alex
hang
hang together
hang orig
hang onto
hang human
hang james
hang kong
investment
investment bank
investment banks
investment plans
investment account
investment orig
investment amount
manandhar
manandhar department
manandhar university
manandhar daniel
manandhar marc
manandhar directional
manandhar semi
morphs
morphs induced
morphs could
morphs discovered
morphs tend
morphs using
morphs within
opennlp
opennlp toolkit
opennlp maxent
opennlp tools
opennlp project
opennlp chunker
opennlp http
safety
safety critical
safety reports
safety board
safety check
safety checked
safety test
snyder
snyder benjamin
snyder jacob
snyder university
snyder regina
snyder stephen
snyder barzilay
stative
stative verbs
stative verb
stative clauses
stative recall
stative dynamic
stative event
vocab
vocab orig
vocab size
vocab document
vocab frequency
vocab lemma
vocab replace
weakness
weakness contrast
weakness like
weakness orig
weakness positive
weakness researchers
weakness right
appealing
appealing alternative
appealing since
appealing approach
appealing properties
appealing features
appealing solution
estima
estima tion
estima tions
estima tors
estima orig
goodness
goodness measure
goodness measures
goodness score
goodness value
goodness function
goodness scores
mitre
mitre corporation
mitre corp
mitre description
mitre corpus
mitre data
mitre group
nonparametric
nonparametric bayesian
nonparametric statistics
nonparametric problems
nonparametric model
nonparametric method
nonparametric inference
spend
spend time
spend less
spend money
spend much
spend half
spend several
subcorpus
subcorpus labels
subcorpus contains
subcorpus consists
subcorpus represents
subcorpus using
subcorpus utterances
thomson
thomson avenue
thomson reuters
thomson karl
thomson jaime
thomson legal
thomson corporation
tradi
tradi tional
tradi tionally
tradi tion
tradi tions
tradi orig
tually
tually exclusive
tually similar
tually dependent
tually occur
tually used
tually corresponds
culotta
culotta michael
culotta editors
culotta james
culotta andrew
culotta john
culotta paul
football
football player
football team
football match
football game
football games
football players
joan
joan bresnan
joan chen
joan joan
joan applied
joan went
joan smith
klavans
klavans judith
klavans mark
klavans mary
klavans columbia
klavans chodorow
klavans ulrich
opens
opens many
opens segment
opens several
opens opportunities
opens perspectives
opens door
queried
queried question
queried using
queried questions
queried topic
queried directly
queried labels
roland
roland kuhn
roland douglas
roland meyer
roland jurafsky
roland audio
roland kumar
suzanne
suzanne stevenson
suzanne pereira
suzanne steven
suzanne action
suzanne lang
suzanne collins
thirty
thirty years
thirty five
thirty sixth
thirty journal
thirty eight
thirty fourth
thresholding
thresholding techniques
thresholding algorithm
thresholding strategies
thresholding technique
thresholding unification
thresholding approach
cohens
cohens kappa
cohens weighted
cohens analysis
cohens address
cohens model
cohens survey
compa
compa orig
compa ring
compa score
compa indicates
poon
poon colin
poon domingos
poon university
poon microsoft
poon department
poon matthew
rences
rences word
rences within
rences dans
rences example
rences extracted
rences relative
spective
spective languages
spective sentences
spective baseline
spective phrase
spective strengths
spective weights
uate
uate semantic
uate whether
uate students
uate student
uate research
uate school
weiss
weiss vincent
weiss chris
weiss christopher
weiss editor
weiss antonio
weiss computer
wfst
wfst based
wfst framework
wfst operations
wfst composition
wfst implementation
wfst approach
zation
zation system
zation approach
zation systems
zation using
zation names
zation frames
concordance
concordance lines
concordance collocation
concordance analysis
concordance line
concordance based
concordance tool
i−
i− i−
kupiec
kupiec pedersen
kupiec xerox
kupiec kupiec
kupiec google
kupiec achieves
kupiec assumes
backtracking
backtracking algorithm
backtracking search
backtracking mechanism
backtracking points
backtracking patterns
backtracking point
centric
centric precision
centric model
centric approach
centric language
centric architecture
centric search
elena
elena stein
elena antonio
elena cahill
elena levy
elena lopez
elena closed
koskenniemi
koskenniemi university
koskenniemi formalism
koskenniemi rules
koskenniemi koskenniemi
koskenniemi proposed
koskenniemi style
merit
merit feature
merit consideration
merit discussion
merit used
merit among
merit attention
morpholog
morpholog ical
morpholog ically
morpholog orig
morpholog constrained
morpholog system
reversible
reversible grammar
reversible grammars
reversible model
reversible unification
reversible stochastic
reversible models
robinson
robinson jane
robinson determining
robinson artificial
robinson john
robinson american
robinson chair
seneff
seneff spoken
seneff james
seneff jean
seneff joseph
seneff massachusetts
seneff raymond
unordered
unordered dependency
unordered tree
unordered trees
unordered sets
unordered collection
unordered list
attr
attr attr
attr attributive
attr attribution
attr accuracy
attr choice
attr orig
butt
butt university
butt daniel
butt king
butt universit¨at
butt bill
butt cent
earth
earth science
earth hour
earth orig
earth hypothesis
earth materials
earth theory
instantiate
instantiate hypothesis
instantiate variable
instantiate frames
instantiate lexical
instantiate markov
instantiate classes
kruijff
kruijff dfki
kruijff computational
kruijff extensible
kruijff language
kruijff orig
kruijff pierre
matthias
matthias nilsson
matthias stephan
matthias christian
matthias mann
matthias wong
neigh
neigh orig
neigh latent
neigh observed
neigh includes
quest
quest completion
quest framework
quest type
quest games
quest medical
quest baseline
ticles
ticles written
ticles published
ticles annotated
ticles within
ticles according
ticles contain
wishes
wishes come
wishes effort
wishes concerning
wishes differ
wishes precision
wishes wishes
xiang
xiang chris
xiang tong
xiang tang
xiang zhang
xiang chen
xiang zhai
electronics
electronics engineering
electronics domain
electronics information
electronics products
electronics research
electronics dataset
fitness
fitness function
fitness companion
fitness value
fitness functions
fitness values
fitness func
hiroshi
hiroshi hiroshi
hiroshi isahara
hiroshi kentaro
hiroshi kevin
hiroshi matsumoto
hiroshi yamada
kendalls
kendalls rank
kendalls correlation
kendalls coefficient
kendalls correlations
kendalls coefficients
kendalls computes
virtue
virtue rather
virtue party
virtue table
virtue would
wright
wright state
wright allen
wright editors
wright massimo
wright optimizing
wright charles
evenly
evenly distributed
evenly split
evenly across
evenly divided
evenly among
evenly spread
interruption
interruption point
interruption points
interruption count
interruption check
interruption game
interruption occurs
striking
striking difference
striking feature
striking result
striking differences
striking example
striking aspect
antonymy
antonymy relation
antonymy relations
antonymy hypernymy
antonymy hyponymy
antonymy link
antonymy synonymy
definitional
definitional sentences
definitional questions
definitional question
definitional contexts
definitional patterns
definitional verbal
lambek
lambek calculus
lambek categorial
lambek grammars
lambek grammar
lambek theorem
lambek calcu
nerbonne
nerbonne university
nerbonne john
nerbonne inheritance
nerbonne klaus
nerbonne german
nerbonne groningen
perimental
perimental results
perimental study
perimental setup
perimental conditions
perimental psychology
perimental setting
possess
possess knowledge
possess many
possess similar
possess certain
possess different
possess common
presuppositions
presuppositions triggered
presuppositions john
presuppositions presuppositions
presuppositions arising
presuppositions associated
presuppositions based
sight
sight site
sight system
sight hearing
sight ings
sight seeing
sight whereas
translit
translit eration
translit erated
translit orig
translit erate
translit column
translit equal
attentional
attentional state
attentional structure
attentional space
attentional states
attentional focus
attentional hierarchy
penalties
penalties applied
penalties could
penalties associated
penalties based
penalties number
penalties perform
skipped
skipped words
skipped dimensions
skipped bigrams
skipped portions
skipped entirely
skipped terms
tackled
tackled using
tackled independently
tackled separately
tackled semantic
tackled directly
tackled effectively
vanderwende
vanderwende microsoft
vanderwende lucy
vanderwende sebastian
vanderwende gary
vanderwende roberto
vanderwende incremental
actively
actively used
actively involved
actively selected
actively studied
actively investigated
actively select
slope
slope values
slope distributions
slope intensity
slope coefficients
slope computed
slope distribution
bouma
bouma university
bouma robert
bouma feature
bouma groningen
bouma computational
bouma information
conducting
conducting research
conducting experiments
conducting behavioral
conducting several
conducting word
conducting evaluations
evolutionary
evolutionary algorithms
evolutionary computation
evolutionary algorithm
evolutionary biology
evolutionary approach
evolutionary process
haizhou
haizhou zhang
haizhou institute
haizhou haizhou
hints
hints based
hints evaluations
hints like
hints system
hints towards
hints according
incre
incre mental
incre ment
incre ments
incre mented
incre orig
incre mentation
sharp
sharp contrast
sharp laboratories
sharp increase
sharp drop
sharp decrease
sharp distinction
spot
spot ting
spot checked
spot checking
spot translation
spot check
spot checks
amta
amta pages
amta workshop
amta denver
amta boston
amta conference
amta volume
borrowed
borrowed words
borrowed word
borrowed stems
borrowed morphemes
borrowed last
borrowed terms
docs
docs words
docs orig
docs tokens
docs index
docs sentences
docs distribution
engagement
engagement state
engagement intentions
engagement actions
engagement intention
engagement action
engagement model
excerpts
excerpts extracted
excerpts provided
excerpts subj
excerpts using
excerpts based
excerpts contained
hinrichs
hinrichs university
hinrichs sandra
hinrichs editors
hinrichs tense
hinrichs wolfgang
hinrichs julia
nict
nict japan
nict table
nict chinese
nict language
nict corpus
nict location
nologies
nologies pages
nologies naacl
nologies conference
nologies volume
nologies institute
nologies short
ondrej
ondrej bojar
ondrej bond
ondrej christian
ondrej constantin
ondrej isnt
referenced
referenced data
referenced images
referenced document
referenced entity
referenced event
referenced information
switched
switched data
switched text
switched sentences
switched sentence
switched words
switched content
alternating
alternating structure
alternating verbs
alternating optimization
alternating projections
alternating minimization
alternating path
ates
ates candidate
ates word
ates additional
ates less
ates orig
ates fewer
dissimilar
dissimilar pairs
dissimilar ones
dissimilar sentences
dissimilar words
dissimilar distributional
dissimilar concepts
somewhere
somewhere else
somewhere around
somewhere within
somewhere near
somewhere along
somewhere among
encouraged
encouraged researchers
encouraged submissions
encouraged work
encouraged alignment
encouraged papers
encouraged many
gardent
gardent cnrs
gardent claire
gardent eric
gardent university
gardent benjamin
gardent bruno
hakkani
intl
intl conf
intl conference
intl joint
intl workshop
intl aaai
intl institute
metamap
metamap program
metamap historical
metamap output
metamap mapping
metamap semantic
metamap tool
richness
richness features
richness measures
richness diversity
richness makes
richness score
richness along
senting
senting different
senting word
senting information
senting lexical
senting knowledge
senting subjects
strzalkowski
strzalkowski editor
strzalkowski university
strzalkowski george
strzalkowski jian
strzalkowski ellen
strzalkowski general
wild
wild card
wild type
wild animal
wild animals
wild thing
wild bernhard
arguing
arguing expressions
arguing subjectivity
arguing nature
arguing features
arguing polarity
arguing lexicon
binomial
binomial distribution
binomial test
binomial model
binomial confidence
binomial distributions
binomial ordering
environ
environ ment
environ ments
environ mental
environ orig
environ deux
environ rent
exhibited
exhibited high
exhibited significantly
exhibited almost
exhibited similar
exhibited along
exhibited another
introduc
introduc tion
introduc tory
introduc orig
introduc tions
negligible
negligible effect
negligible compared
negligible number
negligible impact
negligible difference
negligible improvement
opened
opened files
opened orig
opened discussions
opened closed
opened dependent
opened document
rogets
rogets thesaurus
rogets categories
rogets international
rogets thesauri
rogets cate
rogets hierarchy
tutors
tutors theory
tutors question
tutors number
tutors feedback
tutors lexicon
tutors dialogue
clicks
clicks mouse
clicks used
clicks across
clicks advanced
clicks clicks
clicks indicating
dominating
dominating node
dominating nodes
dominating factor
dominating fragment
dominating clause
dominating verb
drift
drift probabilistic
drift detection
drift orig
drift cache
drift curran
drift occurs
forbes
forbes riley
forbes avenue
forbes aravind
forbes eric
forbes french
forbes kate
ganchev
ganchev keith
ganchev jennifer
ganchev fernando
ganchev google
ganchev jerry
ganchev baseline
germanet
germanet senses
germanet data
germanet editing
germanet synsets
germanet sense
germanet based
imposes
imposes constraints
imposes restrictions
imposes selectional
imposes strict
imposes additional
imposes strong
specialization
specialization level
specialization levels
specialization hierarchy
specialization procedure
specialization step
specialization within
traits
traits table
traits across
traits based
traits including
traits figure
traits make
aachen
aachen university
aachen germany
aachen machine
aachen alexandra
aachen system
aachen german
comparatively
comparatively high
comparatively small
comparatively little
comparatively rare
comparatively simple
comparatively easy
lucy
lucy vanderwende
lucy system
lucy backbone
lucy rbmt
lucy engine
lucy moses
rected
rected graph
rected acyclic
rected graphical
rected edges
rected version
rected graphs
reproduce
reproduce results
reproduce human
reproduce audio
reproduce well
reproduce complete
reproduce even
smadja
smadja frank
smadja kathleen
smadja mckeown
smadja retrieving
smadja smadja
smadja assumed
summation
summation vector
summation vectors
summation model
summation form
summation scores
summation operator
torisawa
torisawa nict
torisawa junichi
torisawa language
torisawa japan
torisawa evaluating
torisawa yusuke
append
append bleu
append operator
append list
append relation
append operation
append string
chelba
chelba jelinek
chelba google
chelba microsoft
chelba david
chelba tomas
chelba paul
doddington
doddington george
doddington jonathan
doddington ralph
doddington automatic
doddington john
doddington mark
dras
dras mark
dras robert
dras tically
dras stephen
dras centre
dras julia
iwpt
iwpt pages
iwpt workshops
iwpt trento
iwpt volume
iwpt paris
iwpt chairs
mumbai
mumbai india
mumbai december
mumbai mumbai
mumbai bangalore
mumbai location
mumbai april
sebastiani
sebastiani national
sebastiani alessandro
sebastiani boosting
sebastiani editor
sebastiani machine
sebastiani qatar
anlp
anlp naacl
anlp pages
anlp conf
anlp workshop
anlp washington
anlp trento
bethard
bethard university
bethard mona
bethard hong
bethard steven
bethard victor
bethard michael
creativity
creativity pages
creativity tools
creativity score
creativity bird
creativity scores
creativity inside
fixation
fixation duration
fixation durations
fixation times
fixation time
fixation probability
fixation count
kozareva
kozareva preslav
kozareva ellen
kozareva university
kozareva information
kozareva alan
kozareva yahoo
kullback
kullback divergence
kullback infor
kullback information
kullback orig
nederhof
nederhof mark
nederhof university
nederhof dfki
nederhof experiments
nederhof school
nederhof editors
pennacchiotti
pennacchiotti yahoo
pennacchiotti diego
pennacchiotti marco
pennacchiotti patrick
pennacchiotti stefan
pennacchiotti editors
prototypes
prototypes using
prototypes cluster
prototypes extracted
prototypes could
prototypes developed
prototypes eric
shapes
shapes circle
shapes composing
shapes linguistic
shapes stars
shapes created
shapes differ
soroa
soroa random
soroa german
soroa university
soroa assistant
soroa eneko
soroa caroline
acters
acters long
acters including
acters appear
acters called
acters corresponding
acters creating
amazons
amazons mechanical
amazons commission
amazons external
amazons product
amazons mturk
amazons online
bannard
bannard colin
bannard timothy
bannard university
bannard baldwin
bannard chris
bannard distinguishing
erent
erent word
erent types
erent categories
erent models
erent languages
erent methods
formatting
formatting information
formatting errors
formatting commands
formatting issues
formatting codes
formatting conventions
golden
golden standard
golden parse
golden collection
golden sets
golden zero
golden annotation
infants
infants learn
infants begin
infants sensitivity
infants appear
infants might
infants preference
madnani
madnani bonnie
madnani joel
madnani educational
madnani philip
madnani christof
madnani martin
proxy
proxy server
proxy vote
proxy agent
proxy measure
proxy customer
proxy activated
remarkable
remarkable improvement
remarkable given
remarkable result
remarkable difference
remarkable results
remarkable progress
interview
interview domain
interview questions
interview based
interview topic
interview data
interview process
mixtures
mixtures meant
mixtures versus
mixtures mixture
mixtures rather
mixtures reliably
mixtures solutions
parc
parc palo
parc scheme
parc annotation
parc corpus
parc dependency
parc barbara
recipes
recipes simone
recipes using
recipes collection
recipes electronics
recipes along
recipes automatically
somers
somers editors
somers centre
somers university
somers algorithm
somers aligning
somers paul
syllabification
syllabification task
syllabification algorithm
syllabification method
syllabification algorithms
syllabification methods
syllabification process
layered
layered annotation
layered treebank
layered approach
layered annotations
layered model
layered structure
liberman
liberman mark
liberman university
liberman mitchell
liberman editors
liberman prince
liberman andrew
ticipants
ticipants play
ticipants agreed
ticipants often
ticipants completed
ticipants corpus
ticipants directly
beesley
beesley kenneth
beesley xerox
beesley karttunen
beesley beesley
beesley buckwalter
beesley forthcoming
bles
bles using
bles improved
bles could
bles labeled
bles across
bles book
calling
calling card
calling attention
calling michael
calling program
calling upon
calling codes
isozaki
isozaki xavier
isozaki session
isozaki isozaki
isozaki feature
jaime
jaime carbonell
jaime tomita
jaime martinez
jaime snyder
opinionated
opinionated sentences
opinionated text
opinionated sentence
opinionated documents
opinionated texts
opinionated information
penalized
penalized less
penalized equally
penalized likelihood
penalized since
penalized deleted
penalized according
tary
tary trees
tary tree
tary information
tary corpus
tary material
tary structures
feldman
feldman christiane
feldman thomas
feldman international
feldman university
feldman editors
feldman task
heng
heng huang
heng chen
heng zhang
heng ralph
heng wang
heng chan
karl
karl pearson
karl michael
karl hans
karl erik
karl marie
karl added
constructive
constructive comments
constructive speech
constructive feedback
constructive criticism
constructive suggestions
constructive page
disciplines
disciplines including
disciplines address
disciplines computational
disciplines involved
disciplines within
disciplines language
experimen
experimen tation
experimen orig
experimen much
misspellings
misspellings abbreviations
misspellings found
misspellings tend
misspellings also
misspellings arise
misspellings caused
premises
premises conclusion
premises contain
premises derived
premises hypothesis
premises precisely
premises propositions
punyakanok
punyakanok roth
punyakanok matthew
punyakanok system
punyakanok peter
punyakanok toutanova
punyakanok chris
unla
unla beled
unla orig
alpino
alpino parser
alpino treebank
alpino dependency
alpino wide
alpino model
alpino system
categorize
categorize words
categorize documents
categorize verbs
categorize sentences
categorize text
categorize texts
heuristically
heuristically extracted
heuristically determined
heuristically labeled
heuristically defined
heuristically based
heuristically created
patwardhan
patwardhan michael
patwardhan banerjee
patwardhan adam
patwardhan school
patwardhan james
patwardhan jason
reduplication
reduplication rule
reduplication within
reduplication words
reduplication also
reduplication pattern
reduplication patterns
remark
remark ably
remark able
remark applies
remark holds
remark concerns
remark definition
unweighted
unweighted average
unweighted case
unweighted graph
unweighted graphs
unweighted version
unweighted precision
doug
doug appelt
doug arnold
doug jones
doug cutting
doug cooper
doug adam
eliminates
eliminates many
eliminates readings
eliminates erroneous
eliminates invalid
eliminates spurious
eliminates unlikely
facebook
facebook posts
facebook users
facebook comments
facebook twitter
facebook pages
facebook data
ravichandran
ravichandran patrick
ravichandran eduard
ravichandran google
ravichandran pantel
ravichandran university
ravichandran ehud
uated
uated using
uated according
uated based
uated automatically
uated directly
uated several
workbench
workbench provides
workbench corpus
workbench project
workbench supporting
workbench updating
workbench building
epochs
epochs figure
epochs using
epochs testing
epochs data
epochs error
epochs errors
erences
erences among
erences based
erences acquired
erences expressed
erences instead
erences namely
illustrating
illustrating different
illustrating example
illustrating aspects
illustrating various
illustrating collocational
illustrating contrastive
iryna
iryna gurevych
iryna michael
picks
picks examples
picks another
picks documents
picks agent
picks among
picks appropriate
stacks
stacks used
stacks must
stacks according
stacks since
stacks whose
stacks giving
citing
citing sentences
citing sentence
citing contexts
citing papers
citing paper
citing article
fills
fills slot
fills slots
fills templates
fills denoted
fills details
fills divided
szpektor
szpektor yahoo
szpektor department
szpektor editors
szpektor mining
szpektor received
vocabu
vocabu orig
younger
younger users
younger group
younger children
younger people
younger adults
younger algorithm
asserted
asserted content
asserted noun
asserted meaning
asserted clause
asserted copy
asserted facts
budget
budget constraint
budget correspondence
budget constraints
budget lines
budget plans
budget tagger
conveying
conveying information
conveying different
conveying implicit
conveying similar
conveying adjectives
conveying emotion
goldsmith
goldsmith john
goldsmith editor
goldsmith unsupervised
goldsmith university
goldsmith corpus
goldsmith james
jenny
jenny rose
jenny finkel
jenny thomas
jenny davis
jenny bethard
jenny wanted
ranged
ranged widely
ranged around
ranged differences
ranged according
ranged allows
ranged dependencies
sponse
sponse generation
sponse time
sponse analysis
sponse variable
sponse types
sponse times
tomita
tomita editor
tomita parser
tomita computer
tomita editors
tomita carnegie
tomita algorithm